.TH "QwtAbstractSlider" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtAbstractSlider \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtDoubleRange\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtDial\fP, \fBQwtKnob\fP, \fBQwtSlider\fP, and \fBQwtWheel\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
An abstract base class for slider widgets. 

QwtAbstractSlider is a base class for slider widgets. It handles mouse events and updates the slider's value accordingly. Derived classes only have to implement the \fBgetValue()\fP and \fBgetScrollMode()\fP members, and should react to a \fBvalueChange()\fP, which normally requires repainting.
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file qwt_abstract_slider.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBScrollMode\fP { \fBScrNone\fP, \fBScrMouse\fP, \fBScrTimer\fP, \fBScrDirect\fP, \fBScrPage\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetValue\fP (double val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBfitValue\fP (double val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBincValue\fP (int steps)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetReadOnly\fP (bool)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBvalueChanged\fP (double value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsliderPressed\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsliderReleased\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsliderMoved\fP (double value)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP (Qt::Orientation, QWidget *parent=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtAbstractSlider\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetUpdateTime\fP (int t)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstopMoving\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTracking\fP (bool enable)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetMass\fP (double val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBmass\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetOrientation\fP (Qt::Orientation o)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Qt::Orientation \fBorientation\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisReadOnly\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisValid\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetValid\fP (bool valid)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetPosition\fP (const QPoint &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBvalueChange\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBtimerEvent\fP (QTimerEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBmousePressEvent\fP (QMouseEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBmouseReleaseEvent\fP (QMouseEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBmouseMoveEvent\fP (QMouseEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBkeyPressEvent\fP (QKeyEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBwheelEvent\fP (QWheelEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBgetValue\fP (const QPoint &p)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBgetScrollMode\fP (const QPoint &p, int &scrollMode, int &direction)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMouseOffset\fP (double)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBmouseOffset\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBscrollMode\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtAbstractSlider::QwtAbstractSlider (Qt::Orientation, QWidget * parent = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.SS "QwtAbstractSlider::~QwtAbstractSlider ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::fitValue (double val)\fC [virtual, slot]\fP"
.PP
Set the slider's value to the nearest integer multiple of the step size. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtAbstractSlider::setValue()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDoubleRange\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 533 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::fitValue(), and stopMoving().
.SS "virtual void QwtAbstractSlider::getScrollMode (const QPoint & p, int & scrollMode, int & direction)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Determine what to do when the user presses a mouse button. 
.PP
This function is abstract and has to be implemented by derived classes. It is called on a mousePress event. The derived class can determine what should happen next in dependence of the position where the mouse was pressed by returning scrolling mode and direction. QwtAbstractSlider knows the following modes:
.IP "\fBQwtAbstractSlider::ScrNone \fP" 1c
Scrolling switched off. Don't change the value. 
.IP "\fBQwtAbstractSlider::ScrMouse \fP" 1c
Change the value while the user keeps the button pressed and moves the mouse. 
.IP "\fBQwtAbstractSlider::ScrTimer \fP" 1c
Automatic scrolling. Increment the value in the specified direction as long as the user keeps the button pressed. 
.IP "\fBQwtAbstractSlider::ScrPage \fP" 1c
Automatic scrolling. Same as ScrTimer, but increment by page size.
.PP
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP point where the mouse was pressed 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturn values:\fP
.RS 4
\fIscrollMode\fP The scrolling mode 
.br
\fIdirection\fP direction: 1, 0, or -1.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtDial\fP, \fBQwtSlider\fP, and \fBQwtWheel\fP.
.PP
Referenced by mousePressEvent(), and wheelEvent().
.SS "virtual double QwtAbstractSlider::getValue (const QPoint & p)\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Determine the value corresponding to a specified poind. 
.PP
This is an abstract virtual function which is called when the user presses or releases a mouse button or moves the mouse. It has to be implemented by the derived class. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP point
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtDial\fP, \fBQwtSlider\fP, and \fBQwtWheel\fP.
.PP
Referenced by mousePressEvent(), and setPosition().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::incValue (int steps)\fC [virtual, slot]\fP"
.PP
Increment the value by a specified number of steps. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsteps\fP number of steps
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDoubleRange\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 545 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::incValue(), and stopMoving().
.SS "bool QwtAbstractSlider::isReadOnly () const"
.PP
In read only mode the slider can´t be controlled by mouse or keyboard.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if read only 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetReadOnly\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 92 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtDial::drawFocusIndicator(), QwtDial::keyPressEvent(), QwtCompass::keyPressEvent(), keyPressEvent(), mouseMoveEvent(), mousePressEvent(), mouseReleaseEvent(), and wheelEvent().
.SS "bool QwtAbstractSlider::isValid () const"
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtDblRange::isValid
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDoubleRange\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file qwt_abstract_slider.h.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::isValid().
.PP
Referenced by QwtDial::drawContents(), QwtKnob::drawKnob(), QwtAnalogClock::drawNeedle(), QwtCompass::drawScaleContents(), QwtSlider::drawSlider(), QwtDial::keyPressEvent(), keyPressEvent(), mouseMoveEvent(), mousePressEvent(), mouseReleaseEvent(), and wheelEvent().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::keyPressEvent (QKeyEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Handles key events
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
Key_Down, KeyLeft
.br
 Decrement by 1
.IP "\(bu" 2
Key_Up, Key_Right
.br
 Increment by 1
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBisReadOnly()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtCompass\fP, and \fBQwtDial\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 359 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::incValue(), isReadOnly(), isValid(), orientation(), QwtDoubleRange::prevValue(), sliderMoved(), and QwtDoubleRange::value().
.SS "double QwtAbstractSlider::mass () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
mass 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtAbstractSlider::setMass\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtWheel\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 506 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtWheel::mass().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::mouseMoveEvent (QMouseEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Mouse Move Event handler. 
.PP
Definition at line 296 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::exactPrevValue(), QwtDoubleRange::exactValue(), isReadOnly(), isValid(), QwtDoubleRange::prevValue(), setPosition(), sliderMoved(), and QwtDoubleRange::value().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::mousePressEvent (QMouseEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Mouse press event handler. 
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
References getScrollMode(), getValue(), isReadOnly(), isValid(), qwtMax, sliderPressed(), stopMoving(), and QwtDoubleRange::value().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::mouseReleaseEvent (QMouseEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Mouse Release Event handler. 
.PP
Definition at line 190 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::fitValue(), QwtDoubleRange::incPages(), isReadOnly(), isValid(), setPosition(), sliderReleased(), QwtDoubleRange::step(), stopMoving(), and QwtDoubleRange::value().
.SS "Qt::Orientation QwtAbstractSlider::orientation () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Orientation 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtAbstractSlider::setOrientation\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 111 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtSlider::drawSlider(), QwtSlider::drawThumb(), QwtWheel::drawWheel(), QwtWheel::drawWheelBackground(), QwtSlider::getScrollMode(), QwtWheel::getValue(), QwtSlider::getValue(), keyPressEvent(), QwtSlider::layoutSlider(), QwtWheel::minimumSizeHint(), QwtSlider::minimumSizeHint(), QwtWheel::setOrientation(), and QwtSlider::setOrientation().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::setMass (double val)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the slider's mass for flywheel effect. 
.PP
If the slider's mass is greater then 0, it will continue to move after the mouse button has been released. Its speed decreases with time at a rate depending on the slider's mass. A large mass means that it will continue to move for a long time.
.PP
Derived widgets may overload this function to make it public.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIval\fP new mass in kg
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtWheel\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 492 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtWheel::setMass().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::setOrientation (Qt::Orientation o)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the orientation. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIo\fP Orientation. Allowed values are Qt::Horizontal and Qt::Vertical.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtSlider\fP, and \fBQwtWheel\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 102 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtWheel::setOrientation(), and QwtSlider::setOrientation().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::setPosition (const QPoint & p)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Move the slider to a specified point, adjust the value and emit signals if necessary.
.PP
Definition at line 270 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::fitValue(), and getValue().
.PP
Referenced by mouseMoveEvent(), and mouseReleaseEvent().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::setReadOnly (bool readOnly)\fC [virtual, slot]\fP"
.PP
En/Disable read only mode
.PP
In read only mode the slider can´t be controlled by mouse or keyboard.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIreadOnly\fP Enables in case of true 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBisReadOnly\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::setTracking (bool enable)"
.PP
Enables or disables tracking. 
.PP
If tracking is enabled, the slider emits a \fBvalueChanged()\fP signal whenever its value changes (the default behaviour). If tracking is disabled, the value changed() signal will only be emitted if:
.PD 0

.IP "\(bu" 2
the user releases the mouse button and the value has changed or 
.IP "\(bu" 2
at the end of automatic scrolling.
.PP
Tracking is enabled by default. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIenable\fP \fCtrue\fP (enable) or \fCfalse\fP (disable) tracking.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 290 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::setUpdateTime (int t)"
.PP
Specify the update interval for automatic scrolling. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIt\fP update interval in milliseconds 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtAbstractSlider::getScrollMode()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 132 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::setValid (bool valid)"
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtDblRange::isValid
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDoubleRange\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file qwt_abstract_slider.h.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::setValid().
.PP
Referenced by QwtAnalogClock::setTime().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::setValue (double val)\fC [virtual, slot]\fP"
.PP
Move the slider to a specified value. 
.PP
This function can be used to move the slider to a value which is not an integer multiple of the step size. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIval\fP new value 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtAbstractSlider::fitValue\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDoubleRange\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 520 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::setValue(), and stopMoving().
.PP
Referenced by QwtDial::keyPressEvent(), QwtCompass::keyPressEvent(), and QwtAnalogClock::setTime().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::sliderMoved (double value)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
This signal is emitted when the user moves the slider with the mouse. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP new value
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by QwtDial::keyPressEvent(), keyPressEvent(), mouseMoveEvent(), and wheelEvent().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::sliderPressed ()\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
This signal is emitted when the user presses the movable part of the slider (start ScrMouse Mode).
.PP
Referenced by mousePressEvent().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::sliderReleased ()\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
This signal is emitted when the user releases the movable part of the slider.
.PP
Referenced by mouseReleaseEvent().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::stopMoving ()"
.PP
Stop updating if automatic scrolling is active. 
.PP
Definition at line 118 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by fitValue(), incValue(), mousePressEvent(), mouseReleaseEvent(), setValue(), and timerEvent().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::timerEvent (QTimerEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Qt timer event. 
.PP
Definition at line 402 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::exactValue(), QwtDoubleRange::fitValue(), QwtDoubleRange::incPages(), QwtDoubleRange::step(), stopMoving(), and QwtDoubleRange::value().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::valueChange ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Notify change of value
.PP
This function can be reimplemented by derived classes in order to keep track of changes, i.e. repaint the widget. The default implementation emits a \fBvalueChanged()\fP signal if tracking is enabled.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDoubleRange\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtDial\fP, \fBQwtSlider\fP, and \fBQwtWheel\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 469 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::value(), and valueChanged().
.PP
Referenced by QwtWheel::valueChange(), QwtSlider::valueChange(), and QwtDial::valueChange().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::valueChanged (double value)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
Notify a change of value. 
.PP
In the default setting (tracking enabled), this signal will be emitted every time the value changes ( see \fBsetTracking()\fP ). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP new value
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by valueChange().
.SS "void QwtAbstractSlider::wheelEvent (QWheelEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Qt wheel event. 
.PP
Definition at line 324 of file qwt_abstract_slider.cpp.
.PP
References getScrollMode(), QwtDoubleRange::incPages(), isReadOnly(), isValid(), QwtDoubleRange::prevValue(), sliderMoved(), and QwtDoubleRange::value().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
