.TH "QwtAbstractScale" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtAbstractScale \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtKnob\fP, \fBQwtSlider\fP, and \fBQwtThermo\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
An abstract base class for classes containing a scale. 

QwtAbstractScale is used to provide classes with a \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP, and a \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP. The \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP might be set explicitely or calculated by a \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file qwt_abstract_scale.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtAbstractScale\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtAbstractScale\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScale\fP (double vmin, double vmax, double step=0.0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScale\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, double step=0.0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScale\fP (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAutoScale\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBautoScale\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScaleMaxMajor\fP (int ticks)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBscaleMaxMinor\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScaleMaxMinor\fP (int ticks)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBscaleMaxMajor\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScaleEngine\fP (\fBQwtScaleEngine\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP * \fBscaleEngine\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleEngine\fP * \fBscaleEngine\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & \fBscaleMap\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrescale\fP (double vmin, double vmax, double step=0.0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAbstractScaleDraw\fP (\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP * \fBabstractScaleDraw\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP * \fBabstractScaleDraw\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBscaleChange\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtAbstractScale::QwtAbstractScale ()"
.PP
Constructor
.PP
Creates a default \fBQwtScaleDraw\fP and a \fBQwtLinearScaleEngine\fP. Autoscaling is enabled, and the stepSize is initialized by 0.0.
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
References rescale().
.SS "QwtAbstractScale::~QwtAbstractScale ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP * QwtAbstractScale::abstractScaleDraw ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Scale draw 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAbstractScaleDraw()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 237 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.SS "const \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP * QwtAbstractScale::abstractScaleDraw () const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Scale draw 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAbstractScaleDraw()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 246 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtThermo::scaleDraw(), QwtSlider::scaleDraw(), and QwtKnob::scaleDraw().
.SS "bool QwtAbstractScale::autoScale () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fCtrue\fP if autoscaling is enabled
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 159 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtSlider::rangeChange(), and QwtThermo::setRange().
.SS "void QwtAbstractScale::rescale (double vmin, double vmax, double stepSize = \fC0.0\fP)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Recalculate the scale division and update the scale draw.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvmin\fP Lower limit of the scale interval 
.br
\fIvmax\fP Upper limit of the scale interval 
.br
\fIstepSize\fP Major step size
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBscaleChange()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 127 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
References scaleChange().
.PP
Referenced by QwtAbstractScale(), QwtSlider::rangeChange(), QwtThermo::setRange(), and setScale().
.SS "void QwtAbstractScale::scaleChange ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Notify changed scale. 
.PP
Dummy empty implementation, intended to be overloaded by derived classes
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtSlider\fP, and \fBQwtThermo\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 298 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by rescale(), setAutoScale(), and setScale().
.SS "\fBQwtScaleEngine\fP * QwtAbstractScale::scaleEngine ()"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Scale engine 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetScaleEngine()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 288 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.SS "const \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP * QwtAbstractScale::scaleEngine () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Scale engine 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetScaleEngine()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 279 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtThermo::setRange().
.SS "int QwtAbstractScale::scaleMaxMajor () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Max. number of major tick intervals The default value is 5.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 213 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.SS "int QwtAbstractScale::scaleMaxMinor () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Max. number of minor tick intervals The default value is 3.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 204 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.SS "void QwtAbstractScale::setAbstractScaleDraw (\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP * scaleDraw)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Set a scale draw. 
.PP
scaleDraw has to be created with new and will be deleted in ~QwtAbstractScale or the next call of setAbstractScaleDraw.
.PP
Definition at line 224 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtThermo::setScaleDraw(), QwtSlider::setScaleDraw(), and QwtKnob::setScaleDraw().
.SS "void QwtAbstractScale::setAutoScale ()"
.PP
Advise the widget to control the scale range internally. 
.PP
Autoscaling is on by default. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetScale()\fP, \fBautoScale()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 147 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
References scaleChange().
.SS "void QwtAbstractScale::setScale (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & scaleDiv)"
.PP
Specify a scale. 
.PP
Disable autoscaling and define a scale by a scale division
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIscaleDiv\fP Scale division 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAutoScale()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 107 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
References scaleChange().
.SS "void QwtAbstractScale::setScale (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP & interval, double stepSize = \fC0.0\fP)"
.PP
Specify a scale. 
.PP
Disable autoscaling and define a scale by an interval and a step size
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinterval\fP Interval 
.br
\fIstepSize\fP major step size 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAutoScale()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 92 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleInterval::maxValue(), QwtDoubleInterval::minValue(), and setScale().
.SS "void QwtAbstractScale::setScale (double vmin, double vmax, double stepSize = \fC0.0\fP)"
.PP
Specify a scale. 
.PP
Disable autoscaling and define a scale by an interval and a step size
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvmin\fP lower limit of the scale interval 
.br
\fIvmax\fP upper limit of the scale interval 
.br
\fIstepSize\fP major step size 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetAutoScale()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 75 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
References rescale().
.PP
Referenced by setScale().
.SS "void QwtAbstractScale::setScaleEngine (\fBQwtScaleEngine\fP * scaleEngine)"
.PP
Set a scale engine. 
.PP
The scale engine is responsible for calculating the scale division, and in case of auto scaling how to align the scale.
.PP
scaleEngine has to be created with new and will be deleted in ~QwtAbstractScale or the next call of setScaleEngine.
.PP
Definition at line 266 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtThermo::setRange().
.SS "void QwtAbstractScale::setScaleMaxMajor (int ticks)"
.PP
Set the maximum number of major tick intervals. 
.PP
The scale's major ticks are calculated automatically such that the number of major intervals does not exceed ticks. The default value is 5. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIticks\fP maximal number of major ticks. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 173 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.
.SS "void QwtAbstractScale::setScaleMaxMinor (int ticks)"
.PP
Set the maximum number of minor tick intervals. 
.PP
The scale's minor ticks are calculated automatically such that the number of minor intervals does not exceed ticks. The default value is 3. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIticks\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 191 of file qwt_abstract_scale.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
