.TH "QwtColorMap" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtColorMap \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP, and \fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
QwtColorMap is used to map values into colors. 

For displaying 3D data on a 2D plane the 3rd dimension is often displayed using colors, like f.e in a spectrogram.
.PP
Each color map is optimized to return colors for only one of the following image formats:
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
QImage::Format_Indexed8
.br

.IP "\(bu" 2
QImage::Format_ARGB32
.br

.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotSpectrogram\fP, \fBQwtScaleWidget\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 44 of file qwt_color_map.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBFormat\fP { \fBRGB\fP, \fBIndexed\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtColorMap\fP (\fBFormat\fP=QwtColorMap::RGB)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtColorMap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFormat\fP \fBformat\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtColorMap\fP * \fBcopy\fP () const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QRgb \fBrgb\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, double value) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual unsigned char \fBcolorIndex\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, double value) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QColor \fBcolor\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, double value) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QVector< QRgb > \fBcolorTable\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtColorMap::Format\fP"
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
RGB
.br
 The map is intended to map into QRgb values.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Indexed
.br
 The map is intended to map into 8 bit values, that are indices into the color table.
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBrgb()\fP, \fBcolorIndex()\fP, \fBcolorTable()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 57 of file qwt_color_map.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtColorMap::QwtColorMap (\fBFormat\fP = \fCQwtColorMap::RGB\fP)"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 164 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SS "QwtColorMap::~QwtColorMap ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 170 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QColor QwtColorMap::color (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP & interval, double value) const"
.PP
Map a value into a color
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinterval\fP Valid interval for values 
.br
\fIvalue\fP Value
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Color corresponding to value
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
This method is slow for Indexed color maps. If it is necessary to map many values, its better to get the color table once and find the color using \fBcolorIndex()\fP.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 187 of file qwt_color_map.h.
.PP
References colorIndex(), colorTable(), and rgb().
.SS "virtual unsigned char QwtColorMap::colorIndex (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, double value) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Map a value of a given interval into a color index. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP.
.PP
Referenced by color(), and QwtPainter::drawColorBar().
.SS "QwtColorTable QwtColorMap::colorTable (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP & interval) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Build and return a color map of 256 colors
.PP
The color table is needed for rendering indexed images in combination with using \fBcolorIndex()\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinterval\fP Range for the values 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A color table, that can be used for a QImage
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 183 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleInterval::isValid(), QwtDoubleInterval::minValue(), rgb(), and QwtDoubleInterval::width().
.PP
Referenced by color(), and QwtPainter::drawColorBar().
.SS "virtual \fBQwtColorMap\fP* QwtColorMap::copy () const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Clone the color map. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP, and \fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP.
.PP
Referenced by QwtScaleWidget::setColorMap(), and QwtPlotSpectrogram::setColorMap().
.SS "\fBQwtColorMap::Format\fP QwtColorMap::format () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Intended format of the color map 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBFormat\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 205 of file qwt_color_map.h.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPainter::drawColorBar().
.SS "virtual QRgb QwtColorMap::rgb (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, double value) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Map a value of a given interval into a rgb value. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP, and \fBQwtAlphaColorMap\fP.
.PP
Referenced by color(), colorTable(), and QwtPainter::drawColorBar().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
