.TH "QwtCompassMagnetNeedle" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtCompassMagnetNeedle \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtDialNeedle\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A magnet needle for compass widgets. 

A magnet needle points to two opposite directions indicating north and south.
.PP
The following colors are used:
.IP "\(bu" 2
QColorGroup::Light
.br
 Used for pointing south
.IP "\(bu" 2
QColorGroup::Dark
.br
 Used for pointing north
.IP "\(bu" 2
QColorGroup::Base
.br
 Knob (ThinStyle only)
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial\fP, \fBQwtCompass\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 124 of file qwt_dial_needle.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBStyle\fP { \fBTriangleStyle\fP, \fBThinStyle\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtCompassMagnetNeedle\fP (\fBStyle\fP=TriangleStyle, const QColor &light=Qt::white, const QColor &dark=Qt::red)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *, const QPoint &, int length, double direction, QPalette::ColorGroup=QPalette::Active) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawTriangleNeedle\fP (QPainter *, const QPalette &, QPalette::ColorGroup, const QPoint &, int length, double direction)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawThinNeedle\fP (QPainter *, const QPalette &, QPalette::ColorGroup, const QPoint &, int length, double direction)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawPointer\fP (QPainter *painter, const QBrush &brush, int colorOffset, const QPoint &center, int length, int width, double direction)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtCompassMagnetNeedle::QwtCompassMagnetNeedle (\fBStyle\fP = \fCTriangleStyle\fP, const QColor & light = \fCQt::white\fP, const QColor & dark = \fCQt::red\fP)"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 265 of file qwt_dial_needle.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDialNeedle::palette(), and QwtDialNeedle::setPalette().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtCompassMagnetNeedle::draw (QPainter * painter, const QPoint & center, int length, double direction, QPalette::ColorGroup colorGroup = \fCQPalette::Active\fP) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the needle
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center of the dial, start position for the needle 
.br
\fIlength\fP Length of the needle 
.br
\fIdirection\fP Direction of the needle, in degrees counter clockwise 
.br
\fIcolorGroup\fP Color group, used for painting
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtDialNeedle\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 292 of file qwt_dial_needle.cpp.
.PP
References drawThinNeedle(), drawTriangleNeedle(), and QwtDialNeedle::palette().
.SS "void QwtCompassMagnetNeedle::drawPointer (QPainter * painter, const QBrush & brush, int colorOffset, const QPoint & center, int length, int width, double direction)\fC [static, protected]\fP"
.PP
Draw a compass needle
.PP
Definition at line 397 of file qwt_dial_needle.cpp.
.PP
References qwtDegree2Pos(), and qwtMax.
.PP
Referenced by drawThinNeedle().
.SS "void QwtCompassMagnetNeedle::drawThinNeedle (QPainter * painter, const QPalette & palette, QPalette::ColorGroup colorGroup, const QPoint & center, int length, double direction)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Draw a compass needle
.PP
Definition at line 369 of file qwt_dial_needle.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDialNeedle::drawKnob(), drawPointer(), and qwtMax.
.PP
Referenced by draw().
.SS "void QwtCompassMagnetNeedle::drawTriangleNeedle (QPainter * painter, const QPalette & palette, QPalette::ColorGroup colorGroup, const QPoint & center, int length, double direction)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Draw a compass needle
.PP
Definition at line 310 of file qwt_dial_needle.cpp.
.PP
References qwtDegree2Pos().
.PP
Referenced by draw().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
