.TH "QwtCompass" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtCompass \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtDial\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A Compass Widget. 

QwtCompass is a widget to display and enter directions. It consists of a scale, an optional needle and rose.
.PP
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The examples/dials example shows how to use QwtCompass.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 48 of file qwt_compass.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtCompass\fP (QWidget *parent=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtCompass\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRose\fP (\fBQwtCompassRose\fP *rose)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtCompassRose\fP * \fBrose\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtCompassRose\fP * \fBrose\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QMap< double, QString > & \fBlabelMap\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QMap< double, QString > & \fBlabelMap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLabelMap\fP (const QMap< double, QString > &map)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtText\fP \fBscaleLabel\fP (double value) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawRose\fP (QPainter *, const QPoint &center, int radius, double north, QPalette::ColorGroup) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawScaleContents\fP (QPainter *, const QPoint &center, int radius) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBkeyPressEvent\fP (QKeyEvent *)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtCompass::QwtCompass (QWidget * parent = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparent\fP Parent widget
.RE
.PP
Create a compass widget with a scale, no needle and no rose. The default origin is 270.0 with no valid value. It accepts mouse and keyboard inputs and has no step size. The default mode is QwtDial::RotateNeedle.
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file qwt_compass.cpp.
.SS "QwtCompass::~QwtCompass ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file qwt_compass.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtCompass::drawRose (QPainter * painter, const QPoint & center, int radius, double north, QPalette::ColorGroup cg) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the compass rose
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center of the compass 
.br
\fIradius\fP of the circle, where to paint the rose 
.br
\fInorth\fP Direction pointing north, in degrees counter clockwise 
.br
\fIcg\fP Color group
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 143 of file qwt_compass.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by drawScaleContents().
.SS "void QwtCompass::drawScaleContents (QPainter *, const QPoint & center, int radius) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the contents of the scale. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDial\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file qwt_compass.cpp.
.PP
References drawRose(), QwtAbstractSlider::isValid(), QwtDial::mode(), QwtDial::origin(), and QwtDoubleRange::value().
.SS "void QwtCompass::keyPressEvent (QKeyEvent * kev)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Handles key events
.PP
Beside the keys described in \fBQwtDial::keyPressEvent\fP numbers from 1-9 (without 5) set the direction according to their position on the num pad.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBisReadOnly()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDial\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 196 of file qwt_compass.cpp.
.PP
References QwtAbstractSlider::isReadOnly(), QwtDial::keyPressEvent(), QwtDial::mode(), QwtDial::origin(), QwtAbstractSlider::setValue(), and QwtDoubleRange::value().
.SS "QMap< double, QString > & QwtCompass::labelMap ()"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
map, mapping values to labels 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLabelMap()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 265 of file qwt_compass.cpp.
.SS "const QMap< double, QString > & QwtCompass::labelMap () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
map, mapping values to labels 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLabelMap()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 256 of file qwt_compass.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtCompassRose\fP * QwtCompass::rose ()"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
rose 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetRose()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 182 of file qwt_compass.cpp.
.SS "const \fBQwtCompassRose\fP * QwtCompass::rose () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
rose 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetRose()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 173 of file qwt_compass.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtCompass::scaleLabel (double value) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Map a value to a corresponding label 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP Value that will be mapped 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Label, or QString::null
.RE
.PP
label() looks in a map for a corresponding label for value or return an null text. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlabelMap()\fP, \fBsetLabelMap()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDial\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 297 of file qwt_compass.cpp.
.SS "void QwtCompass::setLabelMap (const QMap< double, QString > & map)"
.PP
Set a map, mapping values to labels. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImap\fP value to label map
.RE
.PP
The values of the major ticks are found by looking into this map. The default map consists of the labels N, NE, E, SE, S, SW, W, NW.
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The map will have no effect for values that are no major tick values. Major ticks can be changed by QwtScaleDraw::setScale
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlabelMap()\fP, \fBscaleDraw()\fP, \fBsetScale()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 282 of file qwt_compass.cpp.
.SS "void QwtCompass::setRose (\fBQwtCompassRose\fP * rose)"
.PP
Set a rose for the compass 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrose\fP Compass rose 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The rose will be deleted, when a different rose is set or in ~QwtCompass 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBrose()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 157 of file qwt_compass.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
