.TH "QwtDial" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtDial \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtAnalogClock\fP, and \fBQwtCompass\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
QwtDial class provides a rounded range control. 

QwtDial is intended as base class for dial widgets like speedometers, compass widgets, clocks ...
.PP
.PP
A dial contains a scale and a needle indicating the current value of the dial. Depending on Mode one of them is fixed and the other is rotating. If not \fBisReadOnly()\fP the dial can be rotated by dragging the mouse or using keyboard inputs (see \fBkeyPressEvent()\fP). A dial might be wrapping, what means a rotation below/above one limit continues on the other limit (f.e compass). The scale might cover any arc of the dial, its values are related to the \fBorigin()\fP of the dial.
.PP
Qwt is missing a set of good looking needles (\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP). Contributions are very welcome.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtCompass\fP, \fBQwtAnalogClock\fP, \fBQwtDialNeedle\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The examples/dials example shows different types of dials.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 67 of file qwt_dial.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBShadow\fP { \fBPlain\fP =  QFrame::Plain, \fBRaised\fP =  QFrame::Raised, \fBSunken\fP =  QFrame::Sunken }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBScaleOptions\fP { \fBScaleBackbone\fP =  1, \fBScaleTicks\fP =  2, \fBScaleLabel\fP =  4 }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBMode\fP { \fBRotateNeedle\fP, \fBRotateScale\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDial\fP (QWidget *parent=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtDial\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFrameShadow\fP (\fBShadow\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBShadow\fP \fBframeShadow\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBhasVisibleBackground\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshowBackground\fP (bool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLineWidth\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlineWidth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMode\fP (\fBMode\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMode\fP \fBmode\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetWrapping\fP (bool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBwrapping\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetScale\fP (int maxMajIntv, int maxMinIntv, double step=0.0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScaleArc\fP (double min, double max)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScaleOptions\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetScaleTicks\fP (int minLen, int medLen, int majLen, int penWidth=1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBminScaleArc\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBmaxScaleArc\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetOrigin\fP (double)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBorigin\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetNeedle\fP (\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtDialNeedle\fP * \fBneedle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP * \fBneedle\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QRect \fBboundingRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QRect \fBcontentsRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QRect \fBscaleContentsRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBsizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBminimumSizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetScaleDraw\fP (\fBQwtDialScaleDraw\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDialScaleDraw\fP * \fBscaleDraw\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtDialScaleDraw\fP * \fBscaleDraw\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpaintEvent\fP (QPaintEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBresizeEvent\fP (QResizeEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBkeyPressEvent\fP (QKeyEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdateMask\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawFrame\fP (QPainter *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawContents\fP (QPainter *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawFocusIndicator\fP (QPainter *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawScale\fP (QPainter *, const QPoint &center, int radius, double origin, double arcMin, double arcMax) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawScaleContents\fP (QPainter *painter, const QPoint &center, int radius) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawNeedle\fP (QPainter *, const QPoint &, int radius, double direction, QPalette::ColorGroup) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtText\fP \fBscaleLabel\fP (double) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdateScale\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBrangeChange\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBvalueChange\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBgetValue\fP (const QPoint &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBgetScrollMode\fP (const QPoint &, int &scrollMode, int &direction)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBQwtDialScaleDraw\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtDial::Mode\fP"
.PP
In case of RotateNeedle the needle is rotating, in case of RotateScale, the needle points to \fBorigin()\fP and the scale is rotating.
.PP
Definition at line 112 of file qwt_dial.h.
.SS "enum \fBQwtDial::ScaleOptions\fP"
.PP
see \fBQwtDial::setScaleOptions\fP 
.PP
Definition at line 100 of file qwt_dial.h.
.SS "enum \fBQwtDial::Shadow\fP"
.PP
Frame shadow. 
.PP
Unfortunately it is not possible to use QFrame::Shadow as a property of a widget that is not derived from QFrame. The following enum is made for the designer only. It is safe to use QFrame::Shadow instead.
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file qwt_dial.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtDial::QwtDial (QWidget * parent = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparent\fP Parent widget
.RE
.PP
Create a dial widget with no scale and no needle. The default origin is 90.0 with no valid value. It accepts mouse and keyboard inputs and has no step size. The default mode is QwtDial::RotateNeedle.
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SS "QwtDial::~QwtDial ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 207 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QRect QwtDial::boundingRect () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bounding rect of the dial including the frame 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::setLineWidth\fP, \fBQwtDial::scaleContentsRect\fP, \fBQwtDial::contentsRect\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 313 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References qwtMin.
.PP
Referenced by contentsRect(), drawContents(), drawFrame(), and updateMask().
.SS "QRect QwtDial::contentsRect () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bounding rect of the circle inside the frame 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::setLineWidth\fP, \fBQwtDial::scaleContentsRect\fP, \fBQwtDial::boundingRect\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 296 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References boundingRect(), and lineWidth().
.PP
Referenced by drawFocusIndicator(), getScrollMode(), and scaleContentsRect().
.SS "void QwtDial::drawContents (QPainter * painter) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the contents inside the frame. 
.PP
QColorGroup::Background is the background color outside of the frame. QColorGroup::Base is the background color inside the frame. QColorGroup::Foreground is the background color inside the scale.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::boundingRect\fP, \fBQwtDial::contentsRect\fP, \fBQwtDial::scaleContentsRect\fP, QWidget::setPalette
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 569 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References boundingRect(), drawNeedle(), drawScale(), drawScaleContents(), QwtAbstractSlider::isValid(), QwtDoubleRange::maxValue(), QwtDoubleRange::minValue(), mode(), origin(), scaleContentsRect(), and QwtDoubleRange::value().
.PP
Referenced by paintEvent().
.SS "void QwtDial::drawFocusIndicator (QPainter * painter) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw a dotted round circle, if !isReadOnly()
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 459 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References contentsRect(), and QwtAbstractSlider::isReadOnly().
.PP
Referenced by paintEvent().
.SS "void QwtDial::drawFrame (QPainter * painter)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the frame around the dial
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::lineWidth\fP, \fBQwtDial::frameShadow\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 506 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References boundingRect(), QwtPainter::drawRoundFrame(), and lineWidth().
.PP
Referenced by paintEvent().
.SS "void QwtDial::drawNeedle (QPainter * painter, const QPoint & center, int radius, double direction, QPalette::ColorGroup cg) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the needle
.PP
Qwt is missing a set of good looking needles. Contributions are very welcome.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center of the dial 
.br
\fIradius\fP Length for the needle 
.br
\fIdirection\fP Direction of the needle in degrees, counter clockwise 
.br
\fIcg\fP ColorGroup
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtAnalogClock\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 682 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by drawContents().
.SS "void QwtDial::drawScale (QPainter * painter, const QPoint & center, int radius, double origin, double minArc, double maxArc) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the scale
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center of the dial 
.br
\fIradius\fP Radius of the scale 
.br
\fIorigin\fP Origin of the scale 
.br
\fIminArc\fP Minimum of the arc 
.br
\fImaxArc\fP Minimum of the arc
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtAbstractScaleDraw::setAngleRange
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 704 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by drawContents().
.SS "void QwtDial::drawScaleContents (QPainter * painter, const QPoint & center, int radius) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the contents inside the scale
.PP
Paints nothing.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center of the contents circle 
.br
\fIradius\fP Radius of the contents circle
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtCompass\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 755 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by drawContents().
.SS "\fBQwtDial::Shadow\fP QwtDial::frameShadow () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Frame shadow /sa \fBQwtDial::setFrameShadow\fP, \fBQwtDial::lineWidth\fP, QFrame::frameShadow
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 259 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SS "void QwtDial::getScrollMode (const QPoint & p, int & scrollMode, int & direction)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtAbstractSlider::getScrollMode\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1151 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References contentsRect().
.SS "double QwtDial::getValue (const QPoint & pos)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Find the value for a given position
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Value
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1048 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::maxValue(), QwtDoubleRange::minValue(), mode(), QwtAbstractSlider::mouseOffset(), QwtAbstractSlider::scrollMode(), QwtAbstractSlider::setMouseOffset(), QwtDoubleRange::value(), and wrapping().
.SS "bool QwtDial::hasVisibleBackground () const"
.PP
true when the area outside of the frame is visible
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::showBackground\fP, QWidget::setMask
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 234 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by resizeEvent().
.SS "void QwtDial::keyPressEvent (QKeyEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Handles key events
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
Key_Down, KeyLeft
.br
 Decrement by 1
.IP "\(bu" 2
Key_Prior
.br
 Decrement by \fBpageSize()\fP
.IP "\(bu" 2
Key_Home
.br
 Set the value to \fBminValue()\fP
.PP
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
Key_Up, KeyRight
.br
 Increment by 1
.IP "\(bu" 2
Key_Next
.br
 Increment by \fBpageSize()\fP
.IP "\(bu" 2
Key_End
.br
 Set the value to \fBmaxValue()\fP
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBisReadOnly()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtCompass\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 1183 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::incValue(), QwtAbstractSlider::isReadOnly(), QwtAbstractSlider::isValid(), QwtDoubleRange::maxValue(), QwtDoubleRange::minValue(), QwtDoubleRange::pageSize(), QwtDoubleRange::prevValue(), QwtAbstractSlider::setValue(), QwtAbstractSlider::sliderMoved(), and QwtDoubleRange::value().
.PP
Referenced by QwtCompass::keyPressEvent().
.SS "int QwtDial::lineWidth () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Line width of the frame 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::setLineWidth\fP, \fBQwtDial::frameShadow\fP, QFrame::lineWidth
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 287 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by contentsRect(), drawFrame(), minimumSizeHint(), setFrameShadow(), and sizeHint().
.SS "double QwtDial::maxScaleArc () const"
.PP
Return the upper limit of the scale arc. 
.PP
Definition at line 936 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SS "QSize QwtDial::minimumSizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a minimum size hint. 
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The return value of \fBQwtDial::minimumSizeHint()\fP depends on the font and the scale.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 1013 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References lineWidth().
.SS "double QwtDial::minScaleArc () const"
.PP
Return the lower limit of the scale arc. 
.PP
Definition at line 930 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtDial::Mode\fP QwtDial::mode () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
mode of the dial.
.RE
.PP
The value of the dial is indicated by the difference between the origin and the direction of the needle. In case of QwtDial::RotateNeedle the scale arc is fixed to the \fBorigin()\fP and the needle is rotating, in case of QwtDial::RotateScale, the needle points to \fBorigin()\fP and the scale is rotating.
.PP
The default mode is QwtDial::RotateNeedle.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::setMode\fP, \fBQwtDial::origin\fP, \fBQwtDial::setScaleArc\fP, \fBQwtDial::value\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 384 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by drawContents(), QwtCompass::drawScaleContents(), getValue(), and QwtCompass::keyPressEvent().
.SS "\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP * QwtDial::needle ()"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
needle 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::setNeedle\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 796 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SS "const \fBQwtDialNeedle\fP * QwtDial::needle () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
needle 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::setNeedle\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 787 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtAnalogClock::drawHand().
.SS "double QwtDial::origin () const"
.PP
The origin is the angle where scale and needle is relative to.
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Origin of the dial 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::setOrigin()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 961 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by drawContents(), QwtAnalogClock::drawNeedle(), QwtCompass::drawScaleContents(), and QwtCompass::keyPressEvent().
.SS "void QwtDial::paintEvent (QPaintEvent *)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Repaint the dial. 
.PP
Definition at line 427 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References drawContents(), drawFocusIndicator(), and drawFrame().
.SS "void QwtDial::rangeChange ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBQwtDoubleRange\fP update hook. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDoubleRange\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 802 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References updateScale().
.SS "void QwtDial::resizeEvent (QResizeEvent *)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Resize the dial widget. 
.PP
Definition at line 418 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References hasVisibleBackground(), and updateMask().
.SS "QRect QwtDial::scaleContentsRect () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
rect inside the scale 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLineWidth\fP, \fBQwtDial::boundingRect\fP, \fBQwtDial::contentsRect\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 326 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References contentsRect().
.PP
Referenced by drawContents().
.SS "const \fBQwtDialScaleDraw\fP * QwtDial::scaleDraw () const"
.PP
Return the scale draw. 
.PP
Definition at line 833 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtDialScaleDraw\fP * QwtDial::scaleDraw ()"
.PP
Return the scale draw. 
.PP
Definition at line 827 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtDial::scaleLabel (double value) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the label for a value
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtAnalogClock\fP, and \fBQwtCompass\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 919 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtDialScaleDraw::label().
.SS "void QwtDial::setFrameShadow (\fBShadow\fP shadow)"
.PP
Sets the frame shadow value from the frame style. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIshadow\fP Frame shadow 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::setLineWidth\fP, QFrame::setFrameShadow
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 244 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References lineWidth().
.SS "void QwtDial::setLineWidth (int lineWidth)"
.PP
Sets the line width
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlineWidth\fP Line width 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::setFrameShadow\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 270 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SS "void QwtDial::setMode (\fBMode\fP mode)"
.PP
Change the mode of the meter. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImode\fP New mode
.RE
.PP
The value of the meter is indicated by the difference between north of the scale and the direction of the needle. In case of QwtDial::RotateNeedle north is pointing to the \fBorigin()\fP and the needle is rotating, in case of QwtDial::RotateScale, the needle points to \fBorigin()\fP and the scale is rotating.
.PP
The default mode is QwtDial::RotateNeedle.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::mode\fP, \fBQwtDial::setValue\fP, \fBQwtDial::setOrigin\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 361 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SS "void QwtDial::setNeedle (\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP * needle)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set a needle for the dial
.PP
Qwt is missing a set of good looking needles. Contributions are very welcome.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIneedle\fP Needle 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The needle will be deleted, when a different needle is set or in ~QwtDial
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 771 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SS "void QwtDial::setOrigin (double origin)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Change the origin. 
.PP
The origin is the angle where scale and needle is relative to.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIorigin\fP New origin 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::origin()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 949 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.SS "void QwtDial::setScale (int maxMajIntv, int maxMinIntv, double step = \fC0.0\fP)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Change the intervals of the scale 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtAbstractScaleDraw::setScale
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 860 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References updateScale().
.SS "void QwtDial::setScaleArc (double minArc, double maxArc)"
.PP
Change the arc of the scale
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIminArc\fP Lower limit 
.br
\fImaxArc\fP Upper limit
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 972 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References qwtMax, and qwtMin.
.SS "void QwtDial::setScaleDraw (\fBQwtDialScaleDraw\fP * scaleDraw)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set an individual scale draw
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The previous scale draw is deleted
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 843 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References updateScale().
.PP
Referenced by setScaleOptions().
.SS "void QwtDial::setScaleOptions (int options)"
.PP
A wrapper method for accessing the scale draw.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
options == 0
.br
 No visible scale: setScaleDraw(NULL)
.IP "\(bu" 2
options & ScaleBackbone
.br
 En/disable the backbone of the scale.
.IP "\(bu" 2
options & ScaleTicks
.br
 En/disable the ticks of the scale.
.IP "\(bu" 2
options & ScaleLabel
.br
 En/disable scale labels
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw::enableComponent\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 883 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References QwtAbstractScaleDraw::enableComponent(), and setScaleDraw().
.SS "void QwtDial::setScaleTicks (int minLen, int medLen, int majLen, int penWidth = \fC1\fP)"
.PP
See: \fBQwtAbstractScaleDraw::setTickLength\fP, \fBQwtDialScaleDraw::setPenWidth\fP. 
.PP
Definition at line 903 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDialScaleDraw::setPenWidth(), and QwtAbstractScaleDraw::setTickLength().
.SS "void QwtDial::setWrapping (bool wrapping)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets whether it is possible to step the value from the highest value to the lowest value and vice versa to on.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIwrapping\fP en/disables wrapping
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::wrapping\fP, \fBQwtDoubleRange::periodic\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The meaning of wrapping is like the wrapping property of QSpinBox, but not like it is used in QDial.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 399 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::setPeriodic().
.SS "void QwtDial::showBackground (bool show)"
.PP
Show/Hide the area outside of the frame 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIshow\fP Show if true, hide if false
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::hasVisibleBackground\fP, QWidget::setMask 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
When QwtDial is a toplevel widget the window border might disappear too.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 220 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References updateMask().
.SS "QSize QwtDial::sizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::sizeHint()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 997 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References lineWidth().
.SS "void QwtDial::updateScale ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Update the scale with the current attributes 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::setScale\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 811 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References QwtLinearScaleEngine::divideScale(), QwtDoubleRange::maxValue(), QwtDoubleRange::minValue(), and QwtLinearScaleEngine::transformation().
.PP
Referenced by rangeChange(), setScale(), and setScaleDraw().
.SS "void QwtDial::valueChange ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBQwtDoubleRange\fP update hook. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 988 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References QwtAbstractSlider::valueChange().
.SS "bool QwtDial::wrapping () const"
.PP
\fBwrapping()\fP holds whether it is possible to step the value from the highest value to the lowest value and vice versa.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial::setWrapping\fP, \fBQwtDoubleRange::setPeriodic\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The meaning of wrapping is like the wrapping property of QSpinBox, but not like it is used in QDial.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 412 of file qwt_dial.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::periodic().
.PP
Referenced by getValue().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
