.TH "QwtDialNeedle" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtDialNeedle \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtCompassMagnetNeedle\fP, \fBQwtCompassWindArrow\fP, and \fBQwtDialSimpleNeedle\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Base class for needles that can be used in a \fBQwtDial\fP. 

QwtDialNeedle is a pointer that indicates a value by pointing to a specific direction.
.PP
Qwt is missing a set of good looking needles. Contributions are very welcome.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial\fP, \fBQwtCompass\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 31 of file qwt_dial_needle.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtDialNeedle\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *painter, const QPoint &center, int length, double direction, QPalette::ColorGroup cg=QPalette::Active) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetPalette\fP (const QPalette &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPalette & \fBpalette\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawKnob\fP (QPainter *, const QPoint &pos, int width, const QBrush &, bool sunken)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtDialNeedle::QwtDialNeedle ()"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file qwt_dial_needle.cpp.
.SS "QwtDialNeedle::~QwtDialNeedle ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file qwt_dial_needle.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void QwtDialNeedle::draw (QPainter * painter, const QPoint & center, int length, double direction, QPalette::ColorGroup cg = \fCQPalette::Active\fP) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the needle
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center of the dial, start position for the needle 
.br
\fIlength\fP Length of the needle 
.br
\fIdirection\fP Direction of the needle, in degrees counter clockwise 
.br
\fIcg\fP Color group, used for painting
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtDialSimpleNeedle\fP, \fBQwtCompassMagnetNeedle\fP, and \fBQwtCompassWindArrow\fP.
.PP
Referenced by QwtAnalogClock::drawHand().
.SS "void QwtDialNeedle::drawKnob (QPainter *, const QPoint & pos, int width, const QBrush &, bool sunken)\fC [static, protected]\fP"
.PP
Draw the knob. 
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file qwt_dial_needle.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtDialSimpleNeedle::drawArrowNeedle(), QwtDialSimpleNeedle::drawRayNeedle(), and QwtCompassMagnetNeedle::drawThinNeedle().
.SS "const QPalette & QwtDialNeedle::palette () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the palette of the needle.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 48 of file qwt_dial_needle.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtCompassWindArrow::draw(), QwtCompassMagnetNeedle::draw(), QwtDialSimpleNeedle::draw(), QwtCompassMagnetNeedle::QwtCompassMagnetNeedle(), QwtCompassWindArrow::QwtCompassWindArrow(), and QwtDialSimpleNeedle::QwtDialSimpleNeedle().
.SS "void QwtDialNeedle::setPalette (const QPalette & palette)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Sets the palette for the needle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpalette\fP New Palette
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 40 of file qwt_dial_needle.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtCompassMagnetNeedle::QwtCompassMagnetNeedle(), QwtCompassWindArrow::QwtCompassWindArrow(), and QwtDialSimpleNeedle::QwtDialSimpleNeedle().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
