.TH "QwtLinearColorMap" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtLinearColorMap \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtColorMap\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
QwtLinearColorMap builds a color map from color stops. 

A color stop is a color at a specific position. The valid range for the positions is [0.0, 1.0]. When mapping a value into a color it is translated into this interval. If \fBmode()\fP == FixedColors the color is calculated from the next lower color stop. If \fBmode()\fP == ScaledColors the color is calculated by interpolating the colors of the adjacent stops.
.PP
Definition at line 100 of file qwt_color_map.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBMode\fP { \fBFixedColors\fP, \fBScaledColors\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP (\fBQwtColorMap::Format\fP=QwtColorMap::RGB)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP (const QColor &from, const QColor &to, \fBQwtColorMap::Format\fP=QwtColorMap::RGB)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP (const \fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtLinearColorMap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtColorMap\fP * \fBcopy\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMode\fP (\fBMode\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMode\fP \fBmode\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetColorInterval\fP (const QColor &color1, const QColor &color2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBaddColorStop\fP (double value, const QColor &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtArray< double > \fBcolorStops\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QColor \fBcolor1\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QColor \fBcolor2\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QRgb \fBrgb\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, double value) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual unsigned char \fBcolorIndex\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, double value) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtLinearColorMap::Mode\fP"
.PP
Mode of color map 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMode()\fP, \fBmode()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 107 of file qwt_color_map.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtLinearColorMap::QwtLinearColorMap (\fBQwtColorMap::Format\fP format = \fCQwtColorMap::RGB\fP)"
.PP
Build a color map with two stops at 0.0 and 1.0. The color at 0.0 is Qt::blue, at 1.0 it is Qt::yellow.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIformat\fP Preferred format of the color map
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 211 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
References setColorInterval().
.PP
Referenced by copy().
.SS "QwtLinearColorMap::QwtLinearColorMap (const QColor & color1, const QColor & color2, \fBQwtColorMap::Format\fP format = \fCQwtColorMap::RGB\fP)"
.PP
Build a color map with two stops at 0.0 and 1.0.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor1\fP Color used for the minimum value of the value interval 
.br
\fIcolor2\fP Color used for the maximum value of the value interval 
.br
\fIformat\fP Preferred format of the coor map
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 235 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
References setColorInterval().
.SS "QwtLinearColorMap::QwtLinearColorMap (const \fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP &)"
.PP
Copy constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 221 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SS "QwtLinearColorMap::~QwtLinearColorMap ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 245 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtLinearColorMap::addColorStop (double value, const QColor & color)"
.PP
Add a color stop
.PP
The value has to be in the range [0.0, 1.0]. F.e. a stop at position 17.0 for a range [10.0,20.0] must be passed as: (17.0 - 10.0) / (20.0 - 10.0)
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP Value between [0.0, 1.0] 
.br
\fIcolor\fP Color stop
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 319 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SS "QColor QwtLinearColorMap::color1 () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the first color of the color range 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetColorInterval()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 337 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SS "QColor QwtLinearColorMap::color2 () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the second color of the color range 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetColorInterval()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 346 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SS "unsigned char QwtLinearColorMap::colorIndex (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP & interval, double value) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Map a value of a given interval into a color index, between 0 and 255
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinterval\fP Range for all values 
.br
\fIvalue\fP Value to map into a color index
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtColorMap\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 370 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleInterval::isValid(), QwtDoubleInterval::maxValue(), QwtDoubleInterval::minValue(), and QwtDoubleInterval::width().
.SS "QwtArray< double > QwtLinearColorMap::colorStops () const"
.PP
Return all positions of color stops in increasing order
.PP
Definition at line 328 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtColorMap\fP * QwtLinearColorMap::copy () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Clone the color map. 
.PP
Implements \fBQwtColorMap\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 260 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
References QwtLinearColorMap().
.SS "\fBQwtLinearColorMap::Mode\fP QwtLinearColorMap::mode () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Mode of the color map 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMode()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 286 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP & QwtLinearColorMap::operator= (const \fBQwtLinearColorMap\fP &)"
.PP
Assignment operator. 
.PP
Definition at line 251 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
References d_data.
.SS "QRgb QwtLinearColorMap::rgb (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP & interval, double value) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Map a value of a given interval into a rgb value
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinterval\fP Range for all values 
.br
\fIvalue\fP Value to map into a rgb value
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtColorMap\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 357 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleInterval::minValue(), and QwtDoubleInterval::width().
.SS "void QwtLinearColorMap::setColorInterval (const QColor & color1, const QColor & color2)"
.PP
Set the color range
.PP
Add stops at 0.0 and 1.0.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor1\fP Color used for the minimum value of the value interval 
.br
\fIcolor2\fP Color used for the maximum value of the value interval
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcolor1()\fP, \fBcolor2()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 301 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtLinearColorMap().
.SS "void QwtLinearColorMap::setMode (\fBMode\fP mode)"
.PP
Set the mode of the color map. 
.PP
FixedColors means the color is calculated from the next lower color stop. ScaledColors means the color is calculated by interpolating the colors of the adjacent stops.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBmode()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 277 of file qwt_color_map.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
