.TH "QwtLinearScaleEngine" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtLinearScaleEngine \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A scale engine for linear scales. 

The step size will fit into the pattern $\left\{ 1,2,5\right\} \cdot 10^{n}$ , where n is an integer.
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file qwt_scale_engine.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBautoScale\fP (int maxSteps, double &x1, double &x2, double &stepSize) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP \fBdivideScale\fP (double x1, double x2, int numMajorSteps, int numMinorSteps, double stepSize=0.0) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtScaleTransformation\fP * \fBtransformation\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP \fBalign\fP (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, double stepSize) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP QwtLinearScaleEngine::align (const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP & interval, double stepSize) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Align an interval to a step size. 
.PP
The limits of an interval are aligned that both are integer multiples of the step size.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinterval\fP Interval 
.br
\fIstepSize\fP Step size
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Aligned interval
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 607 of file qwt_scale_engine.cpp.
.PP
References QwtScaleArithmetic::ceilEps(), QwtScaleArithmetic::floorEps(), QwtDoubleInterval::maxValue(), and QwtDoubleInterval::minValue().
.PP
Referenced by autoScale().
.SS "void QwtLinearScaleEngine::autoScale (int maxNumSteps, double & x1, double & x2, double & stepSize) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Align and divide an interval
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImaxNumSteps\fP Max. number of steps 
.br
\fIx1\fP First limit of the interval (In/Out) 
.br
\fIx2\fP Second limit of the interval (In/Out) 
.br
\fIstepSize\fP Step size (Out)
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtLinearScaleEngine::setAttribute\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 423 of file qwt_scale_engine.cpp.
.PP
References align(), QwtScaleEngine::buildInterval(), QwtScaleEngine::divideInterval(), QwtDoubleInterval::extend(), QwtScaleEngine::hiMargin(), QwtScaleEngine::loMargin(), QwtDoubleInterval::maxValue(), QwtDoubleInterval::minValue(), QwtDoubleInterval::normalized(), qwtMax, QwtScaleEngine::reference(), QwtDoubleInterval::setMaxValue(), QwtDoubleInterval::setMinValue(), QwtDoubleInterval::symmetrize(), QwtScaleEngine::testAttribute(), and QwtDoubleInterval::width().
.SS "\fBQwtScaleDiv\fP QwtLinearScaleEngine::divideScale (double x1, double x2, int maxMajSteps, int maxMinSteps, double stepSize = \fC0.0\fP) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Calculate a scale division. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx1\fP First interval limit 
.br
\fIx2\fP Second interval limit 
.br
\fImaxMajSteps\fP Maximum for the number of major steps 
.br
\fImaxMinSteps\fP Maximum number of minor steps 
.br
\fIstepSize\fP Step size. If stepSize == 0, the scaleEngine calculates one.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtScaleEngine::stepSize, QwtScaleEngine::subDivide
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 468 of file qwt_scale_engine.cpp.
.PP
References QwtScaleEngine::divideInterval(), QwtScaleDiv::invert(), qwtAbs, and QwtDoubleInterval::width().
.PP
Referenced by QwtLog10ScaleEngine::divideScale(), and QwtDial::updateScale().
.SS "\fBQwtScaleTransformation\fP * QwtLinearScaleEngine::transformation () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a transformation, for linear scales
.PP
Implements \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 408 of file qwt_scale_engine.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtDial::updateScale().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
