.TH "QwtPlotMarker" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotMarker \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class for drawing markers. 

A marker can be a horizontal line, a vertical line, a symbol, a label or any combination of them, which can be drawn around a center point inside a bounding rectangle.
.PP
The \fBQwtPlotMarker::setSymbol()\fP member assigns a symbol to the marker. The symbol is drawn at the specified point.
.PP
With \fBQwtPlotMarker::setLabel()\fP, a label can be assigned to the marker. The \fBQwtPlotMarker::setLabelAlignment()\fP member specifies where the label is drawn. All the Align*-constants in Qt::AlignmentFlags (see Qt documentation) are valid. The interpretation of the alignment depends on the marker's line style. The alignment refers to the center point of the marker, which means, for example, that the label would be printed left above the center point if the alignment was set to AlignLeft|AlignTop.
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file qwt_plot_marker.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBLineStyle\fP { \fBNoLine\fP, \fBHLine\fP, \fBVLine\fP, \fBCross\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotMarker\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotMarker\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrtti\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBxValue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fByValue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoublePoint \fBvalue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetXValue\fP (double)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetYValue\fP (double)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetValue\fP (double, double)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetValue\fP (const QwtDoublePoint &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLineStyle\fP (\fBLineStyle\fP st)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLineStyle\fP \fBlineStyle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLinePen\fP (const QPen &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPen & \fBlinePen\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSymbol\fP (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP &s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtSymbol\fP & \fBsymbol\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLabel\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtText\fP \fBlabel\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLabelAlignment\fP (Qt::Alignment)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Qt::Alignment \fBlabelAlignment\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QwtDoubleRect \fBboundingRect\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotMarker::LineStyle\fP"
.PP
Line styles. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotMarker::setLineStyle\fP, \fBQwtPlotMarker::lineStyle\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 53 of file qwt_plot_marker.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotMarker::QwtPlotMarker ()\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Sets alignment to Qt::AlignCenter, and style to NoLine. 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::setZ().
.SS "QwtPlotMarker::~QwtPlotMarker ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::draw (QPainter * p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, const QRect & r) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the marker. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP x Scale Map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP y Scale Map 
.br
\fIr\fP Bounding rect, where to paint
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPainter::drawLine(), QwtPainter::metricsMap(), qwtMax, QwtMetricsMap::screenToLayoutX(), QwtMetricsMap::screenToLayoutY(), and QwtScaleMap::transform().
.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtPlotMarker::label () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the label 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLabel()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 285 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "Qt::Alignment QwtPlotMarker::labelAlignment () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the label alignment 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLabelAlignment()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 321 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.SS "const QPen & QwtPlotMarker::linePen () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the line pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLinePen()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 345 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "\fBQwtPlotMarker::LineStyle\fP QwtPlotMarker::lineStyle () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the line style 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
For a description of line styles, see \fBQwtPlotMarker::setLineStyle()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 242 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setLabel (const \fBQwtText\fP & label)"
.PP
Set the label. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlabel\fP label text 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlabel()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 272 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setLabelAlignment (Qt::Alignment align)"
.PP
Set the alignment of the label. 
.PP
The alignment determines where the label is drawn relative to the marker's position.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIalign\fP Alignment. A combination of AlignTop, AlignBottom, AlignLeft, AlignRight, AlignCenter, AlgnHCenter, AlignVCenter. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlabelAlignment()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 304 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setLinePen (const QPen & p)"
.PP
Specify a pen for the line. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP New pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlinePen()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 332 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setLineStyle (\fBQwtPlotMarker::LineStyle\fP st)"
.PP
Set the line style. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIst\fP Line style. Can be one of QwtPlotMarker::NoLine, HLine, VLine or Cross 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlineStyle()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 229 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setSymbol (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP & s)"
.PP
Assign a symbol. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP New symbol 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsymbol()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 252 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setValue (const QwtDoublePoint &)"
.PP
Set Value. 
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
References setValue().
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setValue (double, double)"
.PP
Set Value. 
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.PP
Referenced by setValue(), setXValue(), and setYValue().
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setXValue (double)"
.PP
Set X Value. 
.PP
Definition at line 102 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
References setValue().
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setYValue (double)"
.PP
Set Y Value. 
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
References setValue().
.SS "const \fBQwtSymbol\fP & QwtPlotMarker::symbol () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the symbol 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetSymbol()\fP, \fBQwtSymbol\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 262 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "QwtDoublePoint QwtPlotMarker::value () const"
.PP
Return Value. 
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.SS "double QwtPlotMarker::xValue () const"
.PP
Return x Value. 
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.
.SS "double QwtPlotMarker::yValue () const"
.PP
Return y Value. 
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file qwt_plot_marker.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
