.TH "QwtPlotItem" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotItem \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtPlotCurve\fP, \fBQwtPlotGrid\fP, \fBQwtPlotMarker\fP, \fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP, and \fBQwtPlotSvgItem\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Base class for items on the plot canvas. 
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file qwt_plot_item.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBRttiValues\fP { \fBRtti_PlotItem\fP =  0, \fBRtti_PlotGrid\fP, \fBRtti_PlotMarker\fP, \fBRtti_PlotCurve\fP, \fBRtti_PlotHistogram\fP, \fBRtti_PlotSpectrogram\fP, \fBRtti_PlotSVG\fP, \fBRtti_PlotUserItem\fP =  1000 }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBItemAttribute\fP { \fBLegend\fP =  1, \fBAutoScale\fP =  2 }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBRenderHint\fP { \fBRenderAntialiased\fP =  1 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotItem\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &title=\fBQwtText\fP())"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotItem\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBattach\fP (\fBQwtPlot\fP *plot)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdetach\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlot\fP * \fBplot\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTitle\fP (const QString &title)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTitle\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &title)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtText\fP & \fBtitle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrtti\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetItemAttribute\fP (\fBItemAttribute\fP, bool on=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBtestItemAttribute\fP (\fBItemAttribute\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRenderHint\fP (\fBRenderHint\fP, bool on=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBtestRenderHint\fP (\fBRenderHint\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBz\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetZ\fP (double z)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshow\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBhide\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetVisible\fP (bool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisVisible\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetAxis\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetXAxis\fP (int axis)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBxAxis\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetYAxis\fP (int axis)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fByAxis\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBitemChanged\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRect &canvasRect) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QwtDoubleRect \fBboundingRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdateLegend\fP (\fBQwtLegend\fP *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdateScaleDiv\fP (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &, const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QWidget * \fBlegendItem\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoubleRect \fBscaleRect\fP (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QRect \fBpaintRect\fP (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QRect \fBtransform\fP (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &, const QwtDoubleRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoubleRect \fBinvTransform\fP (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &, const QRect &) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotItem::QwtPlotItem (const \fBQwtText\fP & title = \fC\fBQwtText\fP()\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.SS "QwtPlotItem::~QwtPlotItem ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destroy the QwtPlotItem. 
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
References attach().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPlotItem::attach (\fBQwtPlot\fP * plot)"
.PP
Attach the item to a plot
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
References itemChanged(), and legendItem().
.PP
Referenced by ~QwtPlotItem().
.SS "virtual void QwtPlotItem::draw (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & yMap, const QRect & canvasRect) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the item. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP Maps x-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Maps y-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIcanvasRect\fP Contents rect of the canvas in painter coordinates
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtPlotCurve\fP, \fBQwtPlotGrid\fP, \fBQwtPlotMarker\fP, \fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP, \fBQwtPlotSpectrogram\fP, and \fBQwtPlotSvgItem\fP.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::drawItems().
.SS "bool QwtPlotItem::isVisible () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPlotItem::setEnabled
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 229 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::drawItems().
.SS "void QwtPlotItem::itemChanged ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Call \fBQwtPlot::autoRefresh\fP for the parent plot. 
.PP
Definition at line 235 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
References updateLegend().
.PP
Referenced by attach(), QwtPlotGrid::enableX(), QwtPlotGrid::enableXMin(), QwtPlotGrid::enableY(), QwtPlotGrid::enableYMin(), QwtPlotSvgItem::loadData(), QwtPlotSvgItem::loadFile(), QwtPlotRasterItem::setAlpha(), setAxis(), QwtPlotCurve::setBaseline(), QwtPlotCurve::setBrush(), QwtPlotRasterItem::setCachePolicy(), QwtPlotSpectrogram::setColorMap(), QwtPlotSpectrogram::setConrecAttribute(), QwtPlotSpectrogram::setContourLevels(), QwtPlotCurve::setCurveAttribute(), QwtPlotCurve::setCurveFitter(), QwtPlotCurve::setCurveType(), QwtPlotSpectrogram::setData(), QwtPlotCurve::setData(), QwtPlotSpectrogram::setDefaultContourPen(), QwtPlotSpectrogram::setDisplayMode(), setItemAttribute(), QwtPlotMarker::setLabel(), QwtPlotMarker::setLinePen(), QwtPlotMarker::setLineStyle(), QwtPlotGrid::setMajPen(), QwtPlotGrid::setMinPen(), QwtPlotGrid::setPen(), QwtPlotCurve::setPen(), QwtPlotCurve::setRawData(), setRenderHint(), QwtPlotCurve::setStyle(), QwtPlotMarker::setSymbol(), QwtPlotCurve::setSymbol(), setTitle(), QwtPlotMarker::setValue(), setVisible(), setXAxis(), QwtPlotGrid::setXDiv(), setYAxis(), QwtPlotGrid::setYDiv(), and setZ().
.SS "\fBQwtPlot\fP * QwtPlotItem::plot () const"
.PP
Return attached plot. 
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotCurve::closestPoint(), and QwtPlotCurve::draw().
.SS "void QwtPlotItem::setAxis (int xAxis, int yAxis)"
.PP
Set x and y axis. 
.PP
Definition at line 247 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
References itemChanged().
.SS "void QwtPlotItem::setTitle (const \fBQwtText\fP & title)"
.PP
Set a new title
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP Title 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBtitle()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 145 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
References itemChanged().
.SS "void QwtPlotItem::setTitle (const QString & title)"
.PP
Set a new title
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP Title 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBtitle()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 134 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotItem::setVisible (bool on)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotItem::setVisible\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 216 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
References itemChanged().
.PP
Referenced by hide(), and show().
.SS "void QwtPlotItem::setXAxis (int axis)"
.PP
Set y axis. 
.PP
Definition at line 259 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
References itemChanged().
.SS "void QwtPlotItem::setYAxis (int axis)"
.PP
Set y axis. 
.PP
Definition at line 269 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
References itemChanged().
.SS "const \fBQwtText\fP & QwtPlotItem::title () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Title of the item 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetTitle()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 158 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotCurve::updateLegend().
.SS "int QwtPlotItem::xAxis () const"
.PP
Return xAxis. 
.PP
Definition at line 279 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotCurve::closestPoint(), QwtPlotCurve::draw(), QwtPlot::drawItems(), and QwtPlot::updateAxes().
.SS "int QwtPlotItem::yAxis () const"
.PP
Return yAxis. 
.PP
Definition at line 285 of file qwt_plot_item.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotCurve::closestPoint(), QwtPlotCurve::draw(), QwtPlot::drawItems(), and QwtPlot::updateAxes().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
