.TH "QwtPlotGrid" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotGrid \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class which draws a coordinate grid. 

The QwtPlotGrid class can be used to draw a coordinate grid. A coordinate grid consists of major and minor vertical and horizontal gridlines. The locations of the gridlines are determined by the X and Y scale divisions which can be assigned with \fBQwtPlotGrid::setXDiv\fP and \fBQwtPlotGrid::setYDiv()\fP The \fBdraw()\fP member draws the grid within a bounding rectangle.
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file qwt_plot_grid.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotGrid\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotGrid\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrtti\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenableX\fP (bool tf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBxEnabled\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenableY\fP (bool tf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fByEnabled\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenableXMin\fP (bool tf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBxMinEnabled\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenableYMin\fP (bool tf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fByMinEnabled\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetXDiv\fP (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &sx)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & \fBxScaleDiv\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetYDiv\fP (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &sy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & \fByScaleDiv\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPen\fP (const QPen &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMajPen\fP (const QPen &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPen & \fBmajPen\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMinPen\fP (const QPen &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPen & \fBminPen\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRect &rect) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdateScaleDiv\fP (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &, const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotGrid::QwtPlotGrid ()\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Enables major grid, disables minor grid. 
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::setZ().
.SS "QwtPlotGrid::~QwtPlotGrid ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
dtor 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::draw (QPainter * painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & mx, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP & my, const QRect & r) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the grid. 
.PP
The grid is drawn into the bounding rectangle such that gridlines begin and end at the rectangle's borders. The X and Y maps are used to map the scale divisions into the drawing region screen. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fImx\fP X axis map 
.br
\fImy\fP Y axis 
.br
\fIr\fP Contents rect of the plot canvas
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 202 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::enableX (bool tf)"
.PP
Enable or disable vertical gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItf\fP Enable (true) or disable
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
Minor gridlines can be enabled or disabled with \fBenableXMin()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 67 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::enableXMin (bool tf)"
.PP
Enable or disable minor vertical gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItf\fP Enable (true) or disable 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableX()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 95 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::enableY (bool tf)"
.PP
Enable or disable horizontal gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItf\fP Enable (true) or disable 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
Minor gridlines can be enabled or disabled with \fBenableYMin()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 81 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::enableYMin (bool tf)"
.PP
Enable or disable minor horizontal gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItf\fP Enable (true) or disable 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableY()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 109 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "const QPen & QwtPlotGrid::majPen () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the pen for the major gridlines 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMajPen()\fP, \fBsetMinPen()\fP, \fBsetPen()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 270 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "const QPen & QwtPlotGrid::minPen () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the pen for the minor gridlines 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMinPen()\fP, \fBsetMajPen()\fP, \fBsetPen()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 279 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::setMajPen (const QPen & p)"
.PP
Assign a pen for the major gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP Pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBmajPen()\fP, \fBsetMinPen()\fP, \fBsetPen()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 168 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::setMinPen (const QPen & p)"
.PP
Assign a pen for the minor gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP Pen
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 181 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::setPen (const QPen & p)"
.PP
Assign a pen for both major and minor gridlines. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP Pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetMajPen()\fP, \fBsetMinPen()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 153 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::setXDiv (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & sx)"
.PP
Assign an x axis scale division. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsx\fP Scale division 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPlotGrid uses implicit sharing (see Qt Manual) for the scale divisions.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 124 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.PP
Referenced by updateScaleDiv().
.SS "void QwtPlotGrid::setYDiv (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & sy)"
.PP
Assign a y axis division. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsy\fP Scale division 
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPlotGrid uses implicit sharing (see Qt Manual) for the scale divisions.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 139 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlotItem::itemChanged().
.PP
Referenced by updateScaleDiv().
.SS "bool QwtPlotGrid::xEnabled () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if vertical gridlines are enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableX()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 288 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "bool QwtPlotGrid::xMinEnabled () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if minor vertical gridlines are enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableXMin()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 297 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & QwtPlotGrid::xScaleDiv () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the scale division of the x axis 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 322 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "bool QwtPlotGrid::yEnabled () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if horizontal gridlines are enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableY()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 306 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "bool QwtPlotGrid::yMinEnabled () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if minor horizontal gridlines are enabled 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBenableYMin()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 315 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.
.SS "const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP & QwtPlotGrid::yScaleDiv () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the scale division of the y axis 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 328 of file qwt_plot_grid.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
