.TH "QwtPainter" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPainter \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A collection of QPainter workarounds. 

1) Clipping to coordinate system limits (Qt3 only)
.PP
On X11 pixel coordinates are stored in shorts. Qt produces overruns when mapping QCOORDS to shorts.
.PP
2) Scaling to device metrics
.PP
QPainter scales fonts, line and fill patterns to the metrics of the paint device. Other values like the geometries of rects, points remain device independend. To enable a device independent widget implementation, QwtPainter adds scaling of these geometries. (Unfortunately QPainter::scale scales both types of paintings, so the objects of the first type would be scaled twice).
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file qwt_painter.h.
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsetMetricsMap\fP (const QPaintDevice *layout, const QPaintDevice *device)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsetMetricsMap\fP (const \fBQwtMetricsMap\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBresetMetricsMap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const \fBQwtMetricsMap\fP & \fBmetricsMap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsetDeviceClipping\fP (bool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBdeviceClipping\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsetClipRect\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawText\fP (QPainter *, int x, int y, const QString &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawText\fP (QPainter *, const QPoint &, const QString &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawText\fP (QPainter *, int x, int y, int w, int h, int flags, const QString &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawText\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &, int flags, const QString &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawSimpleRichText\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &, int flags, QTextDocument &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawRect\fP (QPainter *, int x, int y, int w, int h)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawRect\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &rect)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBfillRect\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &, const QBrush &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawEllipse\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawPie\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &r, int a, int alen)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawLine\fP (QPainter *, int x1, int y1, int x2, int y2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawLine\fP (QPainter *, const QPoint &p1, const QPoint &p2)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawPolygon\fP (QPainter *, const QwtPolygon &pa)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawPolyline\fP (QPainter *, const QwtPolygon &pa)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawPoint\fP (QPainter *, int x, int y)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawRoundFrame\fP (QPainter *, const QRect &, int width, const QPalette &, bool sunken)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawFocusRect\fP (QPainter *, QWidget *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawFocusRect\fP (QPainter *, QWidget *, const QRect &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static QwtPolygon \fBclip\fP (const QwtPolygon &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBdrawColorBar\fP (QPainter *painter, const \fBQwtColorMap\fP &, const \fBQwtDoubleInterval\fP &, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &, Qt::Orientation, const QRect &)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPolygon QwtPainter::clip (const QwtPolygon &)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Clip a point array. 
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtRect::clip().
.PP
Referenced by drawPolygon(), and drawPolyline().
.SS "bool QwtPainter::deviceClipping ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Returns whether device clipping is enabled. On X11 the default is enabled, otherwise it is disabled. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPainter::setDeviceClipping()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 72 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawEllipse (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawEllipse()
.PP
Definition at line 294 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.PP
Referenced by QwtSymbol::draw(), and QwtPicker::drawRubberBand().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawLine (QPainter *, const QPoint & p1, const QPoint & p2)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawLine(). 
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file qwt_painter.h.
.PP
References drawLine().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawLine (QPainter * painter, int x1, int y1, int x2, int y2)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawLine()
.PP
Definition at line 437 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References drawPolyline(), QwtMetricsMap::isIdentity(), and QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.PP
Referenced by QwtSymbol::draw(), QwtPlotMarker::draw(), QwtScaleDraw::drawBackbone(), QwtPlotSpectrogram::drawContourLines(), QwtLegendItem::drawIdentifier(), drawLine(), QwtPicker::drawRubberBand(), QwtPlotCurve::drawSticks(), QwtScaleDraw::drawTick(), and QwtRoundScaleDraw::drawTick().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawPie (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect, int a, int alen)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawPie()
.PP
Definition at line 279 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawPoint (QPainter * painter, int x, int y)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawPoint()
.PP
Definition at line 519 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotCurve::drawDots().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawPolygon (QPainter * painter, const QwtPolygon & pa)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawPolygon()
.PP
Definition at line 487 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References clip(), and QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.PP
Referenced by QwtSymbol::draw(), and QwtPlotCurve::fillCurve().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawPolyline (QPainter * painter, const QwtPolygon & pa)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawPolyline()
.PP
Definition at line 505 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References clip(), and QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.PP
Referenced by drawLine(), QwtPlotCurve::drawLines(), drawRect(), and QwtPlotCurve::drawSteps().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawRect (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawRect()
.PP
Definition at line 184 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References drawPolyline(), fillRect(), and QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawRect (QPainter * painter, int x, int y, int w, int h)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawRect()
.PP
Definition at line 176 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtText::draw(), QwtSymbol::draw(), drawColorBar(), QwtPicker::drawRubberBand(), and QwtPlot::printCanvas().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawRoundFrame (QPainter *, const QRect &, int width, const QPalette &, bool sunken)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Draw a round frame. 
.PP
Definition at line 593 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtDial::drawFrame().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawSimpleRichText (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect, int flags, QTextDocument & text)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QSimpleRichText::draw()
.PP
Definition at line 404 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.PP
Referenced by QwtRichTextEngine::draw().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawText (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect, int flags, const QString & text)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawText()
.PP
Definition at line 357 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawText (QPainter * painter, int x, int y, int w, int h, int flags, const QString & text)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawText()
.PP
Definition at line 348 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References drawText().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawText (QPainter * painter, const QPoint & pos, const QString & text)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawText()
.PP
Definition at line 332 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.SS "void QwtPainter::drawText (QPainter * painter, int x, int y, const QString & text)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::drawText()
.PP
Definition at line 323 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlainTextEngine::draw(), and drawText().
.SS "void QwtPainter::fillRect (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect, const QBrush & brush)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::fillRect()
.PP
Definition at line 241 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.PP
Referenced by drawRect().
.SS "const \fBQwtMetricsMap\fP & QwtPainter::metricsMap ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Metrics map
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 160 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtText::draw(), QwtSymbol::draw(), QwtPlotMarker::draw(), QwtLegendItem::drawIdentifier(), QwtLegendItem::drawItem(), QwtPlotCurve::drawSymbols(), QwtScaleDraw::drawTick(), QwtText::heightForWidth(), QwtPlot::print(), QwtPlot::printCanvas(), QwtPlot::printScale(), and QwtText::textSize().
.SS "void QwtPainter::resetMetricsMap ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Reset the metrics map to the ratio 1:1 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPainter::setMetricsMap\fP, \fBQwtPainter::resetMetricsMap\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 152 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtScaleDraw::drawTick(), and QwtPlot::print().
.SS "void QwtPainter::setClipRect (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Wrapper for QPainter::setClipRect()
.PP
Definition at line 168 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtMetricsMap::layoutToDevice().
.PP
Referenced by drawColorBar(), QwtPlot::printCanvas(), and QwtPlot::printLegend().
.SS "void QwtPainter::setDeviceClipping (bool enable)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
En/Disable device clipping. 
.PP
On X11 the default for device clipping is enabled, otherwise it is disabled. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPainter::deviceClipping()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 61 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPainter::setMetricsMap (const \fBQwtMetricsMap\fP & map)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Change the metrics map 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPainter::resetMetricsMap\fP, \fBQwtPainter::metricsMap\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 143 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.SS "void QwtPainter::setMetricsMap (const QPaintDevice * layout, const QPaintDevice * device)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Scale all QwtPainter drawing operations using the ratio QwtPaintMetrics(from).logicalDpiX() / QwtPaintMetrics(to).logicalDpiX() and QwtPaintMetrics(from).logicalDpiY() / QwtPaintMetrics(to).logicalDpiY()
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPainter::resetScaleMetrics(), QwtPainter::scaleMetricsX, QwtPainter::scaleMetricsY()
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 133 of file qwt_painter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtMetricsMap::setMetrics().
.PP
Referenced by QwtScaleDraw::drawTick(), and QwtPlot::print().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
