.TH "QwtPolygonFData" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPolygonFData \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Data class containing a single QwtArray<QwtDoublePoint> object. 
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file qwt_data.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPolygonFData\fP (const QPolygonF &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPolygonFData\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBQwtPolygonFData\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtData\fP * \fBcopy\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual size_t \fBsize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBx\fP (size_t i) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBy\fP (size_t i) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPolygonF & \fBdata\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPolygonFData::QwtPolygonFData (const QPolygonF &)"
.PP
Constructor
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
QwtCurve::setData and QwtPlot::setCurveData.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 61 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by copy().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBQwtData\fP * QwtPolygonFData::copy () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a pointer to a copy (virtual copy constructor)
.PP
Implements \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.PP
References QwtSpline::d_data, and QwtPolygonFData().
.SS "\fBQwtPolygonFData\fP & QwtPolygonFData::operator= (const \fBQwtPolygonFData\fP &)"
.PP
Assignment. 
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.PP
References d_data, and QwtSpline::d_data.
.SS "size_t QwtPolygonFData::size () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the size of the data set
.PP
Implements \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.PP
References QwtSpline::d_data.
.SS "double QwtPolygonFData::x (size_t i) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the x value of data point i 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP Index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
x X value of data point i
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.PP
References QwtSpline::d_data.
.SS "double QwtPolygonFData::y (size_t i) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the y value of data point i 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP Index 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
y Y value of data point i
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtData\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file qwt_data.cpp.
.PP
References QwtSpline::d_data.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
