.TH "QwtPlotPicker" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotPicker \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
QwtPlotPicker provides selections on a plot canvas. 

QwtPlotPicker is a \fBQwtPicker\fP tailored for selections on a plot canvas. It is set to a x-Axis and y-Axis and translates all pixel coordinates into this coodinate system.
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file qwt_plot_picker.h.
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBselected\fP (const QwtDoublePoint &pos)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBselected\fP (const QwtDoubleRect &rect)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBselected\fP (const QwtArray< QwtDoublePoint > &pa)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBappended\fP (const QwtDoublePoint &pos)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmoved\fP (const QwtDoublePoint &pos)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP (\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotPicker\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis, int selectionFlags, \fBRubberBand\fP rubberBand, \fBDisplayMode\fP trackerMode, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetAxis\fP (int xAxis, int yAxis)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBxAxis\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fByAxis\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlot\fP * \fBplot\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtPlot\fP * \fBplot\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * \fBcanvas\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * \fBcanvas\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoubleRect \fBscaleRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoubleRect \fBinvTransform\fP (const QRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QRect \fBtransform\fP (const QwtDoubleRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QwtDoublePoint \fBinvTransform\fP (const QPoint &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QPoint \fBtransform\fP (const QwtDoublePoint &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtText\fP \fBtrackerText\fP (const QPoint &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtText\fP \fBtrackerText\fP (const QwtDoublePoint &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBmove\fP (const QPoint &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBappend\fP (const QPoint &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBend\fP (bool ok=true)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotPicker::QwtPlotPicker (\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a plot picker. 
.PP
The picker is set to those x- and y-axis of the plot that are enabled. If both or no x-axis are enabled, the picker is set to QwtPlot::xBottom. If both or no y-axis are enabled, it is set to QwtPlot::yLeft.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBQwtPlotPicker::scaleRect()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::axisEnabled(), plot(), setAxis(), xAxis(), and yAxis().
.SS "QwtPlotPicker::QwtPlotPicker (int xAxis, int yAxis, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a plot picker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP Set the x axis of the picker 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Set the y axis of the picker 
.br
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBQwtPlotPicker::scaleRect()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 70 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.SS "QwtPlotPicker::QwtPlotPicker (int xAxis, int yAxis, int selectionFlags, \fBRubberBand\fP rubberBand, \fBDisplayMode\fP trackerMode, \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * canvas)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Create a plot picker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP X axis of the picker 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Y axis of the picker 
.br
\fIselectionFlags\fP Or´d value of SelectionType, RectSelectionType and SelectionMode 
.br
\fIrubberBand\fP Rubberband style 
.br
\fItrackerMode\fP Tracker mode 
.br
\fIcanvas\fP Plot canvas to observe, also the parent object
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPicker\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setSelectionFlags()\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setRubberBand()\fP, \fBQwtPicker::setTrackerMode\fP
.PP
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP, \fBQwtPlotPicker::scaleRect()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 93 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::append (const QPoint & pos)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Append a point to the selection and update rubberband and tracker.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Additional point 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBisActive\fP, \fBbegin()\fP, \fBend()\fP, \fBmove()\fP, \fBappended()\fP
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBappended(const QPoint &)\fP, appended(const QDoublePoint &) signals are emitted.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 231 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPicker::append(), appended(), and invTransform().
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::appended (const QwtDoublePoint & pos)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted when a point has been appended to the selection
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position of the appended point. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBappend()\fP. \fBmoved()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by append().
.SS "const \fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * QwtPlotPicker::canvas () const"
.PP
Return Observed plot canvas. 
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtPlotCanvas\fP * QwtPlotPicker::canvas ()"
.PP
Return observed plot canvas. 
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPicker::parentWidget().
.PP
Referenced by plot().
.SS "bool QwtPlotPicker::end (bool ok = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Close a selection setting the state to inactive.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIok\fP If true, complete the selection and emit selected signals otherwise discard the selection. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if the selection is accepted, false otherwise
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 260 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPicker::end(), invTransform(), plot(), qwtAbs, qwtMax, selected(), QwtPicker::selection(), and QwtPicker::selectionFlags().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotZoomer::end().
.SS "QwtDoublePoint QwtPlotPicker::invTransform (const QPoint & pos) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a point from pixel into plot coordinates 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Point in plot coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::transform()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 356 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::canvasMap(), QwtScaleMap::invTransform(), and plot().
.SS "QwtDoubleRect QwtPlotPicker::invTransform (const QRect & rect) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a rectangle from pixel into plot coordinates
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Rectangle in plot coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::transform()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 319 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::canvasMap(), QwtScaleMap::invTransform(), and plot().
.PP
Referenced by append(), QwtPlotZoomer::end(), end(), move(), and trackerText().
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::move (const QPoint & pos)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Move the last point of the selection
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP New position 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBisActive\fP, \fBbegin()\fP, \fBend()\fP, \fBappend()\fP
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBmoved(const QPoint &)\fP, moved(const QDoublePoint &) signals are emitted.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 246 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References invTransform(), QwtPicker::move(), and moved().
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::moved (const QwtDoublePoint & pos)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted whenever the last appended point of the selection has been moved.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position of the moved last point of the selection. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBmove()\fP, \fBappended()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by move().
.SS "const \fBQwtPlot\fP * QwtPlotPicker::plot () const"
.PP
Return plot widget, containing the observed plot canvas. 
.PP
Definition at line 133 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.SS "\fBQwtPlot\fP * QwtPlotPicker::plot ()"
.PP
Return plot widget, containing the observed plot canvas. 
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References canvas().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotZoomer::end(), end(), invTransform(), QwtPlotPicker(), QwtPlotZoomer::rescale(), scaleRect(), setAxis(), QwtPlotZoomer::setZoomBase(), and transform().
.SS "QwtDoubleRect QwtPlotPicker::scaleRect () const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Return normalized bounding rect of the axes
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlot::autoReplot()\fP, \fBQwtPlot::replot()\fP.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 143 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::axisScaleDiv(), QwtScaleDiv::lBound(), plot(), QwtScaleDiv::range(), xAxis(), and yAxis().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotZoomer::rescale(), QwtPlotZoomer::setAxis(), and QwtPlotZoomer::setZoomBase().
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::selected (const QwtArray< QwtDoublePoint > & pa)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitting the selected points, at the end of a selection.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpa\fP Selected points
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::selected (const QwtDoubleRect & rect)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted in case of \fBselectionFlags()\fP & RectSelection. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrect\fP Selected rectangle
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::selected (const QwtDoublePoint & pos)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
A signal emitted in case of \fBselectionFlags()\fP & PointSelection. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Selected point
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by end().
.SS "void QwtPlotPicker::setAxis (int xAxis, int yAxis)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the x and y axes of the picker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxAxis\fP X axis 
.br
\fIyAxis\fP Y axis
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtPlotZoomer\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 160 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References plot().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPicker(), and QwtPlotZoomer::setAxis().
.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtPlotPicker::trackerText (const QwtDoublePoint & pos) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Translate a position into a position string. 
.PP
In case of HLineRubberBand the label is the value of the y position, in case of VLineRubberBand the value of the x position. Otherwise the label contains x and y position separated by a ´, ´.
.PP
The format for the double to string conversion is '%.4f'.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Position string
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 208 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPicker::rubberBand().
.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtPlotPicker::trackerText (const QPoint & pos) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Translate a pixel position into a position string
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP Position in pixel coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Position string
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPicker\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 191 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References invTransform().
.SS "QPoint QwtPlotPicker::transform (const QwtDoublePoint & pos) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a point from plot into pixel coordinates 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Point in pixel coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::invTransform()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 372 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::canvasMap(), plot(), and QwtScaleMap::transform().
.SS "QRect QwtPlotPicker::transform (const QwtDoubleRect & rect) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Translate a rectangle from plot into pixel coordinates 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Rectangle in pixel coordinates 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotPicker::invTransform()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 338 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::canvasMap(), plot(), and QwtScaleMap::transform().
.SS "int QwtPlotPicker::xAxis () const"
.PP
Return x axis. 
.PP
Definition at line 174 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPicker(), QwtPlotZoomer::rescale(), scaleRect(), and QwtPlotZoomer::setAxis().
.SS "int QwtPlotPicker::yAxis () const"
.PP
Return y axis. 
.PP
Definition at line 180 of file qwt_plot_picker.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPicker(), QwtPlotZoomer::rescale(), scaleRect(), and QwtPlotZoomer::setAxis().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
