.TH "QwtPlotPrintFilter" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotPrintFilter \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A base class for plot print filters. 

A priint filter can be used to customize \fBQwtPlot::print()\fP.
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
In Qwt 5.0 the design of \fBQwtPlot\fP allows/recommends writing individual QwtPlotItems, that are not known to QwtPlotPrintFilter. So this concept is outdated and QwtPlotPrintFilter will be removed/replaced in Qwt 6.x.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 30 of file qwt_plot_printfilter.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBOptions\fP { \fBPrintMargin\fP =  1, \fBPrintTitle\fP =  2, \fBPrintLegend\fP =  4, \fBPrintGrid\fP =  8, \fBPrintCanvasBackground\fP =  16, \fBPrintWidgetBackground\fP =  32, \fBPrintAll\fP =  ~PrintWidgetBackground }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBItem\fP { \fBTitle\fP, \fBLegend\fP, \fBCurve\fP, \fBCurveSymbol\fP, \fBMarker\fP, \fBMarkerSymbol\fP, \fBMajorGrid\fP, \fBMinorGrid\fP, \fBCanvasBackground\fP, \fBAxisScale\fP, \fBAxisTitle\fP, \fBWidgetBackground\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotPrintFilter\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotPrintFilter\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QColor \fBcolor\fP (const QColor &, \fBItem\fP item) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QFont \fBfont\fP (const QFont &, \fBItem\fP item) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetOptions\fP (int options)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBapply\fP (\fBQwtPlot\fP *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBreset\fP (\fBQwtPlot\fP *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBapply\fP (\fBQwtPlotItem\fP *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBreset\fP (\fBQwtPlotItem\fP *) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotPrintFilter::Item\fP"
.PP
Print items. 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file qwt_plot_printfilter.h.
.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotPrintFilter::Options\fP"
.PP
Print options. 
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file qwt_plot_printfilter.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotPrintFilter::QwtPlotPrintFilter ()\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Sets filter options to PrintAll
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file qwt_plot_printfilter.cpp.
.SS "QwtPlotPrintFilter::~QwtPlotPrintFilter ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file qwt_plot_printfilter.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply (\fBQwtPlot\fP * plot) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Change color and fonts of a plot 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBapply\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 157 of file qwt_plot_printfilter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::autoReplot(), QwtPlot::axisWidget(), QwtSymbol::brush(), QwtPlot::canvasBackground(), QwtText::color(), color(), QwtLegendItem::curvePen(), QwtText::font(), font(), QwtScaleWidget::getBorderDistHint(), QwtPlot::legend(), QwtLegend::legendItems(), QwtSymbol::pen(), QwtPlot::setAutoReplot(), QwtScaleWidget::setBorderDist(), QwtSymbol::setBrush(), QwtPlot::setCanvasBackground(), QwtText::setColor(), QwtLegendItem::setCurvePen(), QwtText::setFont(), QwtSymbol::setPen(), QwtLegendItem::setSymbol(), QwtScaleWidget::setTitle(), QwtLegendItem::symbol(), QwtText::testPaintAttribute(), QwtScaleWidget::title(), and QwtPlot::titleLabel().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::print().
.SS "QColor QwtPlotPrintFilter::color (const QColor & c, \fBItem\fP item) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Modifies a color for printing. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIc\fP Color to be modified 
.br
\fIitem\fP Type of item where the color belongs 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Modified color.
.RE
.PP
In case of !(\fBQwtPlotPrintFilter::options()\fP & PrintBackground) MajorGrid is modified to Qt::darkGray, MinorGrid to Qt::gray. All other colors are returned unmodified.
.PP
Definition at line 124 of file qwt_plot_printfilter.cpp.
.PP
References options().
.PP
Referenced by apply().
.SS "QFont QwtPlotPrintFilter::font (const QFont & f, \fBItem\fP item) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Modifies a font for printing. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIf\fP Font to be modified 
.br
\fIitem\fP Type of item where the font belongs
.RE
.PP
All fonts are returned unmodified
.PP
Definition at line 148 of file qwt_plot_printfilter.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by apply().
.SS "int QwtPlotPrintFilter::options () const"
.PP
Get plot print options. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetOptions()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file qwt_plot_printfilter.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by color(), QwtPlot::drawItems(), QwtPlot::print(), and QwtPlot::printCanvas().
.SS "void QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset (\fBQwtPlot\fP * plot) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reset color and fonts of a plot 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBapply\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 366 of file qwt_plot_printfilter.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPlot::autoReplot(), QwtPlot::axisWidget(), QwtSymbol::brush(), QwtLegendItem::curvePen(), QwtLegend::find(), QwtScaleWidget::getBorderDistHint(), QwtPlot::legend(), QwtLegend::legendItems(), QwtSymbol::pen(), QwtPlot::setAutoReplot(), QwtScaleWidget::setBorderDist(), QwtSymbol::setBrush(), QwtPlot::setCanvasBackground(), QwtText::setColor(), QwtLegendItem::setCurvePen(), QwtText::setFont(), QwtSymbol::setPen(), QwtLegendItem::setSymbol(), QwtTextLabel::setText(), QwtScaleWidget::setTitle(), QwtLegendItem::symbol(), QwtText::testPaintAttribute(), QwtTextLabel::text(), and QwtPlot::titleLabel().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::print().
.SS "void QwtPlotPrintFilter::setOptions (int options)"
.PP
Set plot print options. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIoptions\fP Or'd \fBQwtPlotPrintFilter::Options\fP values
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBoptions()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 99 of file qwt_plot_printfilter.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
