.TH "QwtScaleArithmetic" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtScaleArithmetic \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Arithmetic including a tolerance. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file qwt_scale_engine.h.
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBcompareEps\fP (double value1, double value2, double intervalSize)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static double \fBceilEps\fP (double value, double intervalSize)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static double \fBfloorEps\fP (double value, double intervalSize)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static double \fBdivideEps\fP (double interval, double steps)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static double \fBceil125\fP (double x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static double \fBfloor125\fP (double x)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double QwtScaleArithmetic::ceil125 (double x)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Find the smallest value out of {1,2,5}*10^n with an integer number n which is greater than or equal to x
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP Input value
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 98 of file qwt_scale_engine.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtScaleEngine::divideInterval().
.SS "double QwtScaleArithmetic::ceilEps (double value, double intervalSize)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Ceil a value, relative to an interval
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP Value to ceil 
.br
\fIintervalSize\fP Interval size
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBfloorEps\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 50 of file qwt_scale_engine.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtLinearScaleEngine::align().
.SS "int QwtScaleArithmetic::compareEps (double value1, double value2, double intervalSize)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Compare 2 values, relative to an interval. 
.PP
Values are 'equal', when : $\cdot value2 - value1 <= abs(intervalSize * 10e^{-6})$
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue1\fP First value to compare 
.br
\fIvalue2\fP Second value to compare 
.br
\fIintervalSize\fP interval size
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0: if equal, -1: if value2 > value1, 1: if value1 > value2
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 28 of file qwt_scale_engine.cpp.
.PP
References qwtAbs.
.PP
Referenced by QwtScaleEngine::contains().
.SS "double QwtScaleArithmetic::floor125 (double x)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Find the largest value out of {1,2,5}*10^n with an integer number n which is smaller than or equal to x. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIx\fP Input value
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 126 of file qwt_scale_engine.cpp.
.SS "double QwtScaleArithmetic::floorEps (double value, double intervalSize)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Floor a value, relative to an interval
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP Value to floor 
.br
\fIintervalSize\fP Interval size
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBfloorEps\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 67 of file qwt_scale_engine.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtLinearScaleEngine::align().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
