.TH "QwtSymbol" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtSymbol \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class for drawing symbols. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file qwt_symbol.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBStyle\fP { \fBNone\fP =  -1, \fBEllipse\fP, \fBRect\fP, \fBDiamond\fP, \fBTriangle\fP, \fBDTriangle\fP, \fBUTriangle\fP, \fBLTriangle\fP, \fBRTriangle\fP, \fBCross\fP, \fBXCross\fP, \fBHLine\fP, \fBVLine\fP, \fBStar1\fP, \fBStar2\fP, \fBHexagon\fP, \fBStyleCnt\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtSymbol\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtSymbol\fP (\fBStyle\fP st, const QBrush &bd, const QPen &pn, const QSize &s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtSymbol\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSize\fP (const QSize &s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSize\fP (int a, int b=-1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetBrush\fP (const QBrush &b)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPen\fP (const QPen &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetStyle\fP (\fBStyle\fP s)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QBrush & \fBbrush\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPen & \fBpen\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QSize & \fBsize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStyle\fP \fBstyle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const QPoint &pt) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, int x, int y) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const QRect &r) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtSymbol::Style\fP"
.PP
Style 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtSymbol::setStyle\fP, \fBQwtSymbol::style\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 29 of file qwt_symbol.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtSymbol::QwtSymbol ()"
.PP
Default Constructor
.PP
The symbol is constructed with gray interior, black outline with zero width, no size and style 'None'.
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.SS "QwtSymbol::QwtSymbol (\fBQwtSymbol::Style\fP style, const QBrush & brush, const QPen & pen, const QSize & size)"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstyle\fP Symbol Style 
.br
\fIbrush\fP brush to fill the interior 
.br
\fIpen\fP outline pen 
.br
\fIsize\fP size
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 37 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.SS "QwtSymbol::~QwtSymbol ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const QBrush& QwtSymbol::brush () const"
.PP
Return Brush. 
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file qwt_symbol.h.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), QwtPlotCurve::drawSymbols(), operator==(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtSymbol::draw (QPainter * painter, const QRect & r) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the symbol into a bounding rectangle. 
.PP
This function assumes that the painter has been initialized with brush and pen before. This allows a much more performant implementation when painting many symbols with the same brush and pen like in curves.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIr\fP Bounding rectangle
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 116 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPainter::drawEllipse(), QwtPainter::drawLine(), QwtPainter::drawPolygon(), and QwtPainter::drawRect().
.SS "void QwtSymbol::draw (QPainter * p, int x, int y) const"
.PP
Draw the symbol at a point (x,y). 
.PP
Definition at line 100 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.PP
References draw().
.SS "void QwtSymbol::draw (QPainter * painter, const QPoint & pos) const"
.PP
Draw the symbol at a specified point. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIpos\fP Center of the symbol
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 294 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPainter::metricsMap().
.PP
Referenced by draw(), and QwtPlotCurve::drawSymbols().
.SS "bool QwtSymbol::operator!= (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP &) const"
.PP
!= operator 
.PP
Definition at line 342 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.SS "bool QwtSymbol::operator== (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP &) const"
.PP
== operator 
.PP
Definition at line 335 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.PP
References brush(), pen(), size(), and style().
.SS "const QPen& QwtSymbol::pen () const"
.PP
Return Pen. 
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file qwt_symbol.h.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), QwtPlotCurve::drawSymbols(), operator==(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtSymbol::setBrush (const QBrush & br)"
.PP
Assign a brush. 
.PP
The brush is used to draw the interior of the symbol. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbr\fP brush
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtSymbol::setPen (const QPen & pn)"
.PP
Assign a pen. 
.PP
The pen is used to draw the symbol's outline.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpn\fP pen
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 92 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtSymbol::setSize (int w, int h = \fC-1\fP)"
.PP
Specify the symbol's size. 
.PP
If the 'h' parameter is left out or less than 0, and the 'w' parameter is greater than or equal to 0, the symbol size will be set to (w,w). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIw\fP width 
.br
\fIh\fP height (defaults to -1)
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 60 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.SS "void QwtSymbol::setSize (const QSize & s)"
.PP
Set the symbol's size. 
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.SS "void QwtSymbol::setStyle (\fBQwtSymbol::Style\fP s)"
.PP
Specify the symbol style. 
.PP
The following styles are defined:
.IP "\fBNone\fP" 1c
No Style. The symbol cannot be drawn. 
.IP "\fBEllipse\fP" 1c
Ellipse or circle 
.IP "\fBRect\fP" 1c
Rectangle 
.IP "\fBDiamond\fP" 1c
Diamond 
.IP "\fBTriangle\fP" 1c
Triangle pointing upwards 
.IP "\fBDTriangle\fP" 1c
Triangle pointing downwards 
.IP "\fBUTriangle\fP" 1c
Triangle pointing upwards 
.IP "\fBLTriangle\fP" 1c
Triangle pointing left 
.IP "\fBRTriangle\fP" 1c
Triangle pointing right 
.IP "\fBCross\fP" 1c
Cross (+) 
.IP "\fBXCross\fP" 1c
Diagonal cross (X) 
.IP "\fBHLine\fP" 1c
Horizontal line 
.IP "\fBVLine\fP" 1c
Vertical line 
.IP "\fBStar1\fP" 1c
X combined with + 
.IP "\fBStar2\fP" 1c
Six-pointed star 
.IP "\fBHexagon\fP" 1c
Hexagon
.PP
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP style
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 329 of file qwt_symbol.cpp.
.SS "const QSize& QwtSymbol::size () const"
.PP
Return Size. 
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file qwt_symbol.h.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotCurve::drawSymbols(), and operator==().
.SS "\fBStyle\fP QwtSymbol::style () const"
.PP
Return Style. 
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file qwt_symbol.h.
.PP
Referenced by operator==().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
