.TH "QwtText" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtText \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class representing a text. 

A QwtText is a text including a set of attributes how to render it.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
Format
.br
 A text might include control sequences (f.e tags) describing how to render it. Each format (f.e MathML, TeX, Qt Rich Text) has its own set of control sequences, that can be handles by a \fBQwtTextEngine\fP for this format.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Background
.br
 A text might have a background, defined by a QPen and QBrush to improve its visibility.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Font
.br
 A text might have an individual font.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Color
.br
 A text might have an individual color.
.IP "\(bu" 2
Render Flags
.br
 Flags from Qt::AlignmentFlag and Qt::TextFlag used like in QPainter::drawText.
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtTextEngine\fP, \fBQwtTextLabel\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 51 of file qwt_text.h.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBTextFormat\fP { \fBAutoText\fP =  0, \fBPlainText\fP, \fBRichText\fP, \fBMathMLText\fP, \fBTeXText\fP, \fBOtherFormat\fP =  100 }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBPaintAttribute\fP { \fBPaintUsingTextFont\fP =  1, \fBPaintUsingTextColor\fP =  2, \fBPaintBackground\fP =  4 }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBLayoutAttribute\fP { \fBMinimumLayout\fP =  1 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtText\fP (const QString &=QString::null, \fBTextFormat\fP textFormat=AutoText)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtText\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~QwtText\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtText\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetText\fP (const QString &, \fBQwtText::TextFormat\fP textFormat=AutoText)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBtext\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisNull\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisEmpty\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFont\fP (const QFont &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QFont \fBfont\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QFont \fBusedFont\fP (const QFont &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRenderFlags\fP (int flags)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrenderFlags\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetColor\fP (const QColor &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QColor \fBcolor\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QColor \fBusedColor\fP (const QColor &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetBackgroundPen\fP (const QPen &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QPen \fBbackgroundPen\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetBackgroundBrush\fP (const QBrush &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QBrush \fBbackgroundBrush\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPaintAttribute\fP (\fBPaintAttribute\fP, bool on=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBtestPaintAttribute\fP (\fBPaintAttribute\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLayoutAttribute\fP (\fBLayoutAttribute\fP, bool on=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBtestLayoutAttribute\fP (\fBLayoutAttribute\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBheightForWidth\fP (int width, const QFont &=QFont()) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QSize \fBtextSize\fP (const QFont &=QFont()) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *painter, const QRect &rect) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtTextEngine\fP * \fBtextEngine\fP (const QString &text, \fBQwtText::TextFormat\fP textFormat=AutoText) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtText::LayoutAttribute\fP"
.PP
Layout Attributes. 
.PP
The layout attributes affects some aspects of the layout of the text.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
MinimumLayout
.br
 Layout the text without its margins. This mode is useful if a text needs to be aligned accurately, like the tick labels of a scale. If \fBQwtTextEngine::textMargins\fP is not implemented for the format of the text, MinimumLayout has no effect.
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 129 of file qwt_text.h.
.SS "enum \fBQwtText::PaintAttribute\fP"
.PP
Paint Attributes. 
.PP
Font and color and background are optional attributes of a QwtText. The paint attributes hold the information, if they are set.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
PaintUsingTextFont
.br
 The text has an individual font.
.IP "\(bu" 2
PaintUsingTextColor
.br
 The text has an individual color.
.IP "\(bu" 2
PaintBackground
.br
 The text has an individual background.
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 111 of file qwt_text.h.
.SS "enum \fBQwtText::TextFormat\fP"
.PP
Text format. 
.PP
The text format defines the \fBQwtTextEngine\fP, that is used to render the text.
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
AutoText
.br
 The text format is determined using \fBQwtTextEngine::mightRender\fP for all available text engines in increasing order > PlainText. If none of the text engines can render the text is rendered like PlainText.
.IP "\(bu" 2
PlainText
.br
 Draw the text as it is, using a \fBQwtPlainTextEngine\fP.
.IP "\(bu" 2
RichText
.br
 Use the Scribe framework (Qt Rich Text) to render the text.
.IP "\(bu" 2
MathMLText
.br
 Use a MathML (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MathML) render engine to display the text. A MathML text engine is not part of Qwt library and needs to be installed as plugin.
.IP "\(bu" 2
TeXText
.br
 Use a TeX (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TeX) render engine to display the text. A TeX text engine is not part of Qwt library and needs to be installed as plugin.
.IP "\(bu" 2
OtherFormat
.br
 The number of text formats can be extended using a plugin system. Format >= OtherFormat are not used by Qwt.
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtTextEngine\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 85 of file qwt_text.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtText::QwtText (const QString & text = \fCQString::null\fP, \fBQwtText::TextFormat\fP textFormat = \fCAutoText\fP)"
.PP
Constructor
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItext\fP Text content 
.br
\fItextFormat\fP Text format
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 172 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
References textEngine().
.SS "QwtText::QwtText (const \fBQwtText\fP &)"
.PP
Copy constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
References d_data, and d_layoutCache.
.SS "QwtText::~QwtText ()"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 192 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QBrush QwtText::backgroundBrush () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Background brush 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetBackgroundBrush\fP, \fBbackgroundPen\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 379 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.SS "QPen QwtText::backgroundPen () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Background pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetBackgroundPen\fP, \fBbackgroundBrush\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 358 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.SS "QColor QwtText::color () const"
.PP
Return the pen color, used for painting the text. 
.PP
Definition at line 322 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply().
.SS "void QwtText::draw (QPainter * painter, const QRect & rect) const"
.PP
Draw a text into a rectangle
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIrect\fP Rectangle
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 557 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPainter::drawRect(), font(), QwtPainter::metricsMap(), QwtMetricsMap::screenToLayoutX(), and QwtMetricsMap::screenToLayoutY().
.PP
Referenced by QwtLegendItem::drawItem(), QwtScaleDraw::drawLabel(), QwtRoundScaleDraw::drawLabel(), QwtScaleWidget::drawTitle(), QwtPicker::drawTracker(), and QwtPlot::printTitle().
.SS "QFont QwtText::font () const"
.PP
Return the font. 
.PP
Definition at line 288 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), draw(), heightForWidth(), and textSize().
.SS "int QwtText::heightForWidth (int width, const QFont & defaultFont = \fCQFont()\fP) const"
.PP
Find the height for a given width
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdefaultFont\fP Font, used for the calculation if the text has no font 
.br
\fIwidth\fP Width
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Calculated height
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 450 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
References font(), QwtMetricsMap::layoutToScreenX(), QwtPainter::metricsMap(), QwtMetricsMap::screenToLayoutY(), and usedFont().
.SS "bool QwtText::isEmpty () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBtext()\fP.\fBisEmpty()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 152 of file qwt_text.h.
.PP
Referenced by QwtScaleDraw::drawLabel(), QwtRoundScaleDraw::drawLabel(), QwtPicker::drawTracker(), QwtRoundScaleDraw::extent(), QwtScaleDraw::labelRect(), QwtPlotLayout::minimumSizeHint(), QwtPlot::print(), and QwtPicker::trackerRect().
.SS "bool QwtText::isNull () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBtext()\fP.\fBisNull()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 149 of file qwt_text.h.
.SS "\fBQwtText\fP & QwtText::operator= (const \fBQwtText\fP &)"
.PP
Assignement operator. 
.PP
Definition at line 199 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
References d_data, and d_layoutCache.
.SS "int QwtText::renderFlags () const"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Render flags 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetRenderFlags\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 269 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtScaleWidget::setTitle().
.SS "void QwtText::setBackgroundBrush (const QBrush & brush)"
.PP
Set the background brush
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbrush\fP Background brush 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBbackgroundBrush\fP, \fBsetBackgroundPen\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 369 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
References setPaintAttribute().
.SS "void QwtText::setBackgroundPen (const QPen & pen)"
.PP
Set the background pen
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpen\fP Background pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBbackgroundPen\fP, \fBsetBackgroundBrush\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 348 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
References setPaintAttribute().
.SS "void QwtText::setColor (const QColor & color)"
.PP
Set the pen color used for painting the text.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolor\fP Color 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Setting the color might have no effect, when the text contains control sequences for setting colors.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 315 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
References setPaintAttribute().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtText::setFont (const QFont & font)"
.PP
Set the font.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfont\fP Font 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Setting the font might have no effect, when the text contains control sequences for setting fonts.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 281 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
References setPaintAttribute().
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "void QwtText::setLayoutAttribute (\fBLayoutAttribute\fP attribute, bool on = \fCtrue\fP)"
.PP
Change a layout attribute
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattribute\fP Layout attribute 
.br
\fIon\fP On/Off 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBtestLayoutAttribute\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 421 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtAbstractScaleDraw::tickLabel().
.SS "void QwtText::setPaintAttribute (\fBPaintAttribute\fP attribute, bool on = \fCtrue\fP)"
.PP
Change a paint attribute
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattribute\fP Paint attribute 
.br
\fIon\fP On/Off
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Used by setFont, setColor, setBackgroundPen and setBackgroundBrush 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBtestPaintAttribute\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 393 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by setBackgroundBrush(), setBackgroundPen(), setColor(), and setFont().
.SS "void QwtText::setRenderFlags (int renderFlags)"
.PP
Change the render flags. 
.PP
The default setting is Qt::AlignCenter
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrenderFlags\fP Bitwise OR of the flags used like in QPainter::drawText
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBrenderFlags\fP, \fBQwtTextEngine::draw\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Some renderFlags might have no effect, depending on the text format.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 256 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtScaleWidget::drawTitle(), QwtLegendItem::setText(), QwtScaleWidget::setTitle(), and QwtAbstractScaleDraw::tickLabel().
.SS "void QwtText::setText (const QString & text, \fBQwtText::TextFormat\fP textFormat = \fCAutoText\fP)"
.PP
Assign a new text content
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItext\fP Text content 
.br
\fItextFormat\fP Text format
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 229 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
References textEngine().
.SS "bool QwtText::testLayoutAttribute (\fBLayoutAttribute\fP attribute) const"
.PP
Test a layout attribute
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattribute\fP Layout attribute 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true, if attribute is enabled
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLayoutAttribute\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 437 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.SS "bool QwtText::testPaintAttribute (\fBPaintAttribute\fP attribute) const"
.PP
Test a paint attribute
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattribute\fP Paint attribute 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true, if attribute is enabled
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetPaintAttribute\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 409 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlotPrintFilter::apply(), and QwtPlotPrintFilter::reset().
.SS "QString QwtText::text () const"
.PP
Return the text. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetText\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 241 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtPlot::grabProperties().
.SS "const \fBQwtTextEngine\fP * QwtText::textEngine (const QString & text, \fBQwtText::TextFormat\fP format = \fCAutoText\fP) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Find the text engine for a text format
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItext\fP Text, needed in case of AutoText 
.br
\fIformat\fP Test format
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 626 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by QwtText(), and setText().
.SS "QSize QwtText::textSize (const QFont & defaultFont = \fCQFont()\fP) const"
.PP
Returns the size, that is needed to render text
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdefaultFont\fP Font of the text 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Caluclated size
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 502 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
References font(), QwtMetricsMap::isIdentity(), QwtPainter::metricsMap(), QwtMetricsMap::screenToLayout(), and usedFont().
.PP
Referenced by QwtScaleDraw::drawLabel(), QwtRoundScaleDraw::drawLabel(), QwtRoundScaleDraw::extent(), QwtScaleDraw::labelRect(), QwtAbstractScaleDraw::tickLabel(), and QwtPicker::trackerRect().
.SS "QColor QwtText::usedColor (const QColor & defaultColor) const"
.PP
Return the color of the text, if it has one. Otherwise return defaultColor.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdefaultColor\fP Default color 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetColor\fP, \fBcolor\fP, PaintAttributes
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 334 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.SS "QFont QwtText::usedFont (const QFont & defaultFont) const"
.PP
Return the font of the text, if it has one. Otherwise return defaultFont.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdefaultFont\fP Default font 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetFont\fP, \fBfont\fP, PaintAttributes
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 300 of file qwt_text.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by heightForWidth(), and textSize().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
