.TH "QwtWheel" 3 "17 Sep 2006" "Version 5.0.0-rc0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtWheel \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The Wheel Widget. 

The wheel widget can be used to change values over a very large range in very small steps. Using the setMass member, it can be configured as a flywheel.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
The radio example.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 25 of file qwt_wheel.h.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtWheel\fP (QWidget *parent=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtWheel\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetOrientation\fP (Qt::Orientation)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBtotalAngle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBviewAngle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtickCnt\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinternalBorder\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBmass\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTotalAngle\fP (double angle)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTickCnt\fP (int cnt)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetViewAngle\fP (double angle)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetInternalBorder\fP (int width)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMass\fP (double val)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetWheelWidth\fP (int w)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBsizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBminimumSizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBresizeEvent\fP (QResizeEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpaintEvent\fP (QPaintEvent *e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBlayoutWheel\fP (bool update=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const QRect &update_rect)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawWheel\fP (QPainter *p, const QRect &r)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdrawWheelBackground\fP (QPainter *p, const QRect &r)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetColorArray\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBvalueChange\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpaletteChange\fP (const QPalette &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBgetValue\fP (const QPoint &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBgetScrollMode\fP (const QPoint &p, int &scrollMode, int &direction)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtWheel::QwtWheel (QWidget * parent = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.SS "QwtWheel::~QwtWheel ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtWheel::draw (QPainter * p, const QRect & update_rect)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Redraw panel and wheel. 
.PP
Definition at line 564 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References QwtPainter::drawFocusRect(), and drawWheel().
.PP
Referenced by paintEvent().
.SS "void QwtWheel::drawWheel (QPainter * p, const QRect & r)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Redraw the wheel. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP painter 
.br
\fIr\fP contents rectangle
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 375 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References drawWheelBackground(), M_PI, QwtDoubleRange::maxValue(), QwtDoubleRange::minValue(), QwtAbstractSlider::orientation(), qwtAbs, and QwtDoubleRange::value().
.PP
Referenced by draw().
.SS "void QwtWheel::drawWheelBackground (QPainter * p, const QRect & r)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Draw the Wheel's background gradient. 
.PP
Definition at line 197 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References QwtAbstractSlider::orientation(), qwtAbs, and setColorArray().
.PP
Referenced by drawWheel().
.SS "void QwtWheel::getScrollMode (const QPoint & p, int & scrollMode, int & direction)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Determine the scrolling mode and direction corresponding to a specified point. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIp\fP point 
.br
\fIscrollMode\fP scrolling mode 
.br
\fIdirection\fP direction
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 596 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.SS "double QwtWheel::getValue (const QPoint & p)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Determine the value corresponding to a specified point. 
.PP
Implements \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 494 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References QwtDoubleRange::maxValue(), QwtDoubleRange::minValue(), and QwtAbstractSlider::orientation().
.SS "void QwtWheel::layoutWheel (bool update = \fCtrue\fP)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Recalculate the slider's geometry and layout based on. 
.PP
Definition at line 533 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by resizeEvent(), setInternalBorder(), setOrientation(), and setWheelWidth().
.SS "double QwtWheel::mass () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
mass
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 168 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References QwtAbstractSlider::mass().
.SS "QSize QwtWheel::minimumSizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a minimum size hint. 
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
The return value is based on the wheel width.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 642 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References QwtAbstractSlider::orientation().
.PP
Referenced by sizeHint().
.SS "void QwtWheel::paintEvent (QPaintEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Qt Paint Event. 
.PP
Definition at line 547 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References draw().
.SS "void QwtWheel::paletteChange (const QPalette &)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Call update() when the palette changes. 
.PP
Definition at line 654 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.SS "void QwtWheel::resizeEvent (QResizeEvent * e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Qt Resize Event. 
.PP
Definition at line 524 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References layoutWheel().
.SS "void QwtWheel::setColorArray ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Set up the color array for the background pixmap. 
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by drawWheelBackground().
.SS "void QwtWheel::setInternalBorder (int w)"
.PP
Set the internal border width of the wheel. 
.PP
The internal border must not be smaller than 1 and is limited in dependence on the wheel's size. Values outside the allowed range will be clipped.
.PP
The internal border defaults to 2. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIw\fP border width
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 183 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References layoutWheel(), qwtMax, and qwtMin.
.SS "void QwtWheel::setMass (double val)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the mass of the wheel. 
.PP
Assigning a mass turns the wheel into a flywheel. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIval\fP the wheel's mass
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 612 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References QwtAbstractSlider::setMass().
.SS "void QwtWheel::setOrientation (Qt::Orientation o)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Set the wheel's orientation. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIo\fP Orientation. Allowed values are Qt::Horizontal and Qt::Vertical. Defaults to Qt::Horizontal. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtAbstractSlider::orientation()\fP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 325 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References layoutWheel(), QwtAbstractSlider::orientation(), and QwtAbstractSlider::setOrientation().
.SS "void QwtWheel::setTickCnt (int cnt)"
.PP
Adjust the number of grooves in the wheel's surface. 
.PP
The number of grooves is limited to 6 <= cnt <= 50. Values outside this range will be clipped. The default value is 10. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcnt\fP Number of grooves per 360 degrees
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 154 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References qwtLim().
.SS "void QwtWheel::setTotalAngle (double angle)"
.PP
Set the total angle which the wheel can be turned. 
.PP
One full turn of the wheel corresponds to an angle of 360 degrees. A total angle of n*360 degrees means that the wheel has to be turned n times around its axis to get from the minimum value to the maximum value.
.PP
The default setting of the total angle is 360 degrees. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIangle\fP total angle in degrees
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 304 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.SS "void QwtWheel::setViewAngle (double angle)"
.PP
Specify the visible portion of the wheel. 
.PP
You may use this function for fine-tuning the appearance of the wheel. The default value is 175 degrees. The value is limited from 10 to 175 degrees. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIangle\fP Visible angle in degrees
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 359 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References qwtLim().
.SS "void QwtWheel::setWheelWidth (int w)"
.PP
Set the width of the wheel. 
.PP
Corresponds to the wheel height for horizontal orientation, and the wheel width for vertical orientation. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIw\fP the wheel's width
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 624 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References layoutWheel().
.SS "QSize QwtWheel::sizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a size hint
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 633 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References minimumSizeHint().
.SS "void QwtWheel::valueChange ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Notify value change. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtAbstractSlider\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 582 of file qwt_wheel.cpp.
.PP
References QwtAbstractSlider::valueChange().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
